I hope you will be interested on it , and I 'm looking forward to seeing you to discuss about that .
Secondly , you should also discuss about this situation with you coworkers or superiors , that could be beneficial , and I guess they will be very understanding .
Dear Malcolm : I 'm writting to you regarding my recnent discussions with the lawer about my overtime payment .
Hoping these informations will be enough to prepare our future meeting in order to develop my project and discuss about the possibilities you might propose me .
Your family should discuss about my suggestion and we should find a date for a meeting in your favourites objectes .
I mean he organises some meetings and discusses about the issues and problems of the project .
This is the type of subject about which we should not have to discuss .
I m writing in way to discuss about the cards that we are selling .
So , we think it 's will be good if he connect with your spetialist online and your 'll discuss about form of study .
Therefore we could set up a meeting to discuss about this issue and settling it out of court .
I wish knew more about engineering vocabulary because I need it for my carreer and improve my performance on my reports and in my discussions on meetings .
If you want discuss about that call us Best regards
Consequentely to your answer , I have discussed with my lawyer about a legal procedural claim for a inevitable sue .
I discussed with the manager about the problems we had during the service and the low quality of some courses .
Before I moved into the damaged house , I have discussed with the real estate agent about the problems that wew present .
If you want to discuss about this , please send e - mail to this adress or call XXXX , the extension number .
They make up lies all the time about our favorite celebrities for us to buy and stay on the subject discussing , generating profits .
I am a graphic designer and always have a meetings for a discuss about marketing results .
From : Srgio Miguel Company : Smith & Son Enterprises , S. Paulo - Brazil Subject : Meeting about ' software 3D Pictures ' Mr. Jimmy , It ' 's about the future meeting of the product ' sofwate 3D pictures ' , in which we discussed a few days ago at the restaurant .
We had a discussion about it , but we did n't conclude anything so we would like to hear from you .
Could we meet next week to discuss about the contract ?
Isabella was just talking to John about the discusion she had with her father Steve , when he arrived . ``
I hope this unpleasant lunch do not impede we have another meeting to discuss about the contract .
What do you think to form discussion groups in the work to talk about doubts of discrimination ?
As president I will ask to the teachers don '' t make more than one test per day and also to discuss about the homework .
Perhaps this movie is another sympthom of the director 's much - discussed depression ( Lars was removed from The Cannes Festival because of his statements about fascism ) but to whom I can only say : cheer up that was amazing .
We can talk about diverse topics without end in aggressive discussion .
I have this weekend free , so I 'm going to make a sightseeing today before going to Marseille , where I 'll just have a lunch with Pierre to discuss some important things about our projects , then I 'll go to Madrid where I 'll stay until Thursday , then I 'll go back .
I would like to schedule a new meeting for us to sign the contract , since all the points have been discussed and we agreed about its terms .
Sometimes we discuss about music .
I follow meetings with managers , director and vice president of the bank , they are discuss about jobdescription of your subordinates and approve or disapprove the behaviour , knowledge and ability that they need to have .
I 've been thinking a lot about our new project `` Animals Cards `` and I 'd like to let you know my ideas and discuss them with you , to see if they 're good to this publication .
I 'm available to discuss it with you as well as talk about others ideas I had .
Do you think we are having enough discussion about bullying at work and at schools so that we can eliminate this behavior in society ?
First of all is too unfair that the people living discussing about the life this couple .
So , I think we are spending our time discussing about these rumors , probably posted by someone who wants to harm Gavin or Alana .
Dear sir John , I am miss Matilde and as we discussed in our telephone conversation , I write for you the plane of week about the housework .
We like to watch bad news on TV and if this news is about a celebrity certainly people will discuss all day long about it .
I propose to meet you , John , in the next week and discuss more details about these new cards .
We had had a great and vibrant discussion about this topic ' Super - Mart ' yesterday .
Mentees should have the possibility to speak about subjects they would n't discuss with their supervisiors ; e.g .
After this , they went to your house to discuss about was happened there .
I have just had a discussion with Roland , our long time customer , about the new policy of the firm .
And we discuss about `` Attitude to employees `` ,
I will really appreciate with we can meet again to discussion about some business subjects on the next week .
I meet friends at 4 o'clock and we discuss about something at cafe .
maybe we could use this time to discuss about the project whether you prefer .
If you would like to discuss about this , you can contact me at extension 0123 or email me at xxx @ et_student.com .
Hi Bill , Our team discussed and arrived at a decision about a candidate for a star in our next peanut butter 's ads .
If you want to discuss more about the conditions for this permission , you would contact me by e - mail or telephone # # # # - # # # # .
object : Peter 's appraisial As Peter does n't feel very comfortable in his relationships with the team when problems appear , we have discussed about it and agreed on the following of a training course : `` Conflict management `` seems to be the most appropriate package proposed by Holistic Global Management Service .
Hi Gerald , I have some good news about the discussion with Roland .
Do you think that the entire public discussion about discrimination might be seen as a hairsplitting expounding of the equality movement of women ?
A deterrent example is the ongoing discussion about global warming and environmental pollution .
I and my familie liked of the service and the ambient , but we want to discuss about some problems in your restaurants .
I would like to call a meeting to discuss with you about my team has been working long hours with overworked and underpaid status .
After that , he discussed with us about the order without manner and the manager , concerned and interested , came to us to resolve the conflict .
The most difficult part of my work is not the artist part , but the discussions about the money .
i always go meeting with them to discuss about what we did and what we will do in future .
Dear Mr. Martin , As discussed on our phone call I am sending you more information about my skills and education .
I had a discussion with the team leader Jed and spoke with him about his concerns regarding resources and the team in general .
We need to discuss about solutions for above named problems in the board meeting .
If you want , you can call John today and we 'll discuss about it .
Discussed among our team , we recommend that we can consider to invite some soap opera star to help us to expand our brand because people will have very good impression on it now , and they will really believe that those stars really like peanut butter .
As discussed over the phone a few days ago I would like to give you some information about the procedure on your first day .
Somtimes our suppliers came in our house to show my the new collections and also we are discuss about the qualities and prices which are increase the last years .
Would you like to join me and discuss about the contract ?
Then I will decorate the living room and talk about the color of the wall on the phone .
I would like to make me forgive , inviting you in an elegant restaurant near the Stock Exchange and discuss about the contract .
The article is about a common theme in modern culture : human social need to discuss and valuate own life and job career .
Thank you for your discussion about my birthday .
John , I 'm writing to you to discuss the idea , which I believe is worth to think about .
Hi Alex : Let 's discuss about the detail .
Always I have meetings for discuss about goals and results .
I would be happy to discuss further with you about my application .
As about the local customs , it occurred to me that it would be more interesting for you if you learned about them here , in Moldova , while discussing with the keepers of all our customs : the Art Group Martisorul .
I have n't discussed yet about it with my parents , but I hope they will support me in this step too .
There 's have a part of society that liked to provoke some discussion like as we are doing now , only to speculate about someone or something .
In discrimination we have a large aspect against women , however we would discuss here about sexual harassment .
I had nt explained to her the rules about good behavior in your country , like ; avoid discussion of controversial topics ; to steer clear of discussion of religion ; conversations about sex and the rights differences between men and women should be avoided ; not to talk about politics , money , race and physically appearances .
if you answered yes to any of these questions it may be a good idea for you to talk with a counselor also known as a teraphist a counselor or therapist is an adult who has special training to help people sort through their feelings and problems teens and young adults go to counseling for many reasons counseling can help you to understanding your feelings and problems and learn how to deal with them in your everyday life you can expect that whatever you and counselor discuss will remain confidential means that therapist can not tell anyone not even your parents about what the two of you talk about whiteout your permissions the expect ion the this including being abused hurtering yourself on someone else including being abused or neglected he she in obligated by law to break confitially in order to keep you safe many professional can help you find .
During our short friendly discussion he appreciated , but despite this he had to think about the relationship by reason of its own company budget .
I would like to schedule a meeting , at your convenience , to discuss about this project .
Have family discussions about tsunamis and evacuations plans .
In the morning I have meeting for discuss about the problems of the machines and after that I go to the office for to read and write emails .
We will be honored to be able to correct this unfortunate fact with other business lunch , in other restaurant and take advantage to discuss about the contract .
It 's just in her country , it is normal to speak about money , how much do people earn and to discuss the cost of things , and she did n't realized , that she is in another country with another rules .
Furthermore , I hope , that we could make soon an appointment , to discuss more about the details , conditions and location of the property which we have decided to buy .
It 's my pleasure to meet you and discuss about this job .
I 'm going to meet my spanish colleagues to discuss about important changes in our company .
This story is about a apparently normal couple which after a discussion , ended up in the crime pages .
Regarding your first day with us , below is the main schedule for your reference : 9am-9:30am , on board , and further discussion with me about what we discussed last phone call .
Plot : questions about women situation Beauvoir discussed about every quotidian situations to envolved men and women .
Please call me back when is more convenient for you for discuss about that .
It 's a song which is popular all over the world , also arouse discussion about America 's consumer society .
This is a controversy case , nobody can get a unanimity about the victim 's person , a eyewitness allege about the scene crime , second what he saw there 's a discussion before the murder .
The question about a pet could be discussed additionally .
There is an intiristing fact , Do you know , my presentation split in to three section .. First , I.ll talk about Then , I.ll discuss Finally ..
By the way , I write to you to schedule a new appointment ( in a better restaurant near from your headquarter and follow with our conversation about our ultimate solutions that your enterprise certainly will want use .
I thing we could book another lunch , in other place of your preference for we discuss about our business and erase this unfortunate episode .
When you 're here , we will discuss the different departaments we have , what are your activities , so as I 'll give you an introduction about our company .
You konw that this is very boring . I 'm drawing and discussing about materials .
After having discussed about different suggestions , we have elaborated a plan of action .
We 're discussing the sales ' aim about next year and I will do an important report .
If possible , we would like meeting again , in a better place , to discuss more about business .
Call me later to discuss about it if you want .
Hi Gerald , I have some good news about the company which we discussed on the other day .
Like every day she was on her way to work , when she wondered about a couple discussing about pollution , in front of their car , while its engine was still running and the stereo playing .
Dear Polaris , You should enter in a discussion group about your problem .
Becase I work for a big foreign company , I have to discuss with foreign colleagues about my task status every week .
I imagine that if my dreams become true , we 'll having great discussion about my travel 's memories during dessert time .
Well , I think it could be better if every partner ( the VIP too ) discuss just each other about their troubles .
After read the discuss about Gavin Taylor , I want to say something .
The couple in the wedding usually are discusseing about some problems , but in fact , they can be solve soon .
I ca n't know anything about the famous persons and I think to spent time discussing about this stupid things are lost time .
I look foward to seing you and discuss about it .
The last meet we discussed many point of project , however today I found more details about the steel framing .
Today : Friday 23th , 10 ; 45 pm to : jenny from : Helder address : he want to discuss about his money .
I discussed a lot about the contract with the clinet .
Item 2 : The manger assign to the tasks to achieve the job which are : a ) Shary contact Alson to ask her about the requirements for the next meeting , b ) Alex , with his team , must brainstorm some new ideas to discuss it next meeting , c ) booking a table at a Malaysian restaurant as one of the offic party on the end of this month .
See your movies , read the articles about him , discuss ... but what for to hear and to write the gossip ?
I hope to meet you on the next Wednesday , at 10:00 a.m. to discuss about your situation .
Finally , avoid discussing about politics and social conditions because it is considered very inappropriate in business meetings .
Finally , I suggest a meeting , as soon as possible , to discuss more details about the next steps .
I want to meet you , in your convenient time to discuss more about the planning in detail and I would be very happy to be a part of your great work for conservation of wild animals .
This film brings a discussion about families , religion and secularism , the arbitrariness of the law .
If you plan to accept the terms of the offer , we should discussed about your logo .
It discuss about building and rebuilding problems .
It 's better to speak about politics just a little bit , in another words , steer clear of political discussion and never start making considerations about Brazilian poverty and do n't stereotype women .
I have to meeting with IT company on Friday May 25th 5:30pm . We 'll discuss about the next shipment matter . Beause the market was decline than last year . So I am preparing some document and necessary information from surfing the internent .
Hi Bob , this afternoon , we have discussed about the star to be chosen to promote our peanut and at the end we agreed that a soap opera star could be the better chose .
We can discuss more details about our contract this time .
4.Can we discuss about the difference between `` sex discrimination `` from '' choose right of the employer `` ?
We had lunch last week to discuss about business .
Sometimes I talk on the phone , every day I send and receive emails from the many peoples and discussion groups about computers .
Dear Ladies and Gentlemen of the Board , I want to bring to Your attention some urgent issues about Jed 's team condition . There is a known lack of resources in their department and this is making them overworked , plus they are feeling underappreciated for not honouring their commitments . We need to take prompt actions to re - motivate the team : I suggest to offer some incentives like overtime pay and/or bonuses and to hire some new employees . We need to schedule a board meeting with Jed and me asap , to discuss the possibles actions we can take .
We could discuss about the contract and after sign it .
Talking about future is not a simply black or white question to discuss .
First the author talks about computer history and their use in that time and then making you interact with the computer today by discussing important information about data , operating systems , networks and softwares .
Another think , I 'll arrange a meeting with my boss to discuss about the oppotunities , that the company can offer to me in order to realize my carrer expections .
I hate watching people discuss about stupid topic .
I have an idea about how to expand our product portfolio that I would appreciate if I could discuss personally with you .
Hereafter you will find a few words about what I have in mind , but the details we need to discuss personally .
Maybe we should have a page about your products , testimonial from your satisfied customers , tracking to the clients orders We should make an appointment to discuss about this point more deeply .
The Media knows that the people like discussing about famous person ' 's private live .
Firstly , there was discussion about using sports star in our ads .
A day I was discussing along about this with a prayer and he left me thinking .
Learn words for a certain topic / situation , and then write about the topic using the vocabulary that you have learned bevor , or have a discussion or conversation with a partner or partners , trying to use the words appropriately .
I always have meetings to discuss about the projects .
I want to study online for learning more , answer questions and discuss about my favorite subject .
I have read the information about your training courses on your website and would like to discuss the possibility to customize training course for one of our employee , Peter .
We would like that we to think of our proposals and we meet the next week for discuss about the Alliance .
And I sometimes meet friends to discuss about mathematical problems .
Dear manager , We had a sufficient discuss about who we should use to promot our brand .
Well , it 's my opinion , because I ca n't say anything about that couple , if I say they never had a discussion it 's wrong , because I can see their life through the media , but while the media is n't showing their life , I ca n't know what they 're doing , so it 's possible to happen a divorce , but I 'm not a person who trusts in media , so this news is just something that can happen , but I 'm not sure of it .
Dears students , I am here to talk about the careless of political discussion in this University .
Dear Dr. John Smith , I am writting to discuss about the animal cards .
Please , call me back as soon as you receive this email and we can discuss a little bit more about this opportunity .
Dear Sirs , Recently , company have gainted several big projects , and then we had a meeting with Jed to discuss about how to complete our projects on time , and then find there are some probloms stay in the way as below 1.Jed 's team understaffed and overworked 2.lack of resources 3.underappreciated considering above situation and noticed that some of our qulified staffs have been hunted by some big company by their high wages and better welfare , take into account all the above , we would like to have the meeting with the borad of directore to discuss the above situaiton .
In her country , questions and comments about money are really usual topics to discuss .
In my opinion , people must be worried about serious problems population has to face day after day and they must not be worried about famous people 's private life .
Let me think about it and have a phone call to discuss next week .
I 'd like to became a famous doctor around all the world , where I could meet other doctors in seminars and discuss many subjects about medicine .
Hi Bill : After our discussion about the new content of TV AD , we would like to use the pop stars of soap opera instead of sports stars .
I know a lot of artist and discuss with them about the meaning of our life or about the emotion that you feel when you look on a painting is a great experience .
I hope we can get together and discuss more about funny stories .
we 'll have funny and a nice discussion about ecology .
I do n't understand why are you discussing about Gavin and Alana ?
I offten contact with Itaily teconition disscuss about the profession skill and I like Itailen , because they have talent and so smoart , I think talk with them then I can learn more about profession knowledge .
I talk about working with my colleagues we discussed several issues related to work is very good .
Attn : Board of Directors Ladies and Gentlemen of the Board , I 'm writing to you because we need to arrange a meeting to discuss about our overtime work and overtime pay policy .
I have recently discussed with Mr. Jed and I 've noticed that he is not happy about the recently overwork with no overtime pay and his team is not happy as well and they are understaffed and overworked and they feel underappreciated bacause they do n't receive overtime pay and they are working very hard !
I urgently ask you to fix a meeting with me and Mr. Jed to discuss about it and find a solution asap .
Next , I discuss a problem about my idea , when I 'll make a school so what difficulties when I 've faced so , I request an evaluation for special education service .
I participated in a IT Congress to discuss about the best practices to manage IT .
I 'd like to discuss about your swearing and shouting .
I would like to meet people from all over the world and discuss about several topics : arts , cinema , politics , economics , travels and even soccer .
He asked me a little bit of time to think about it , so I invited him to dinner in order to discuss minor issues .
After discussion with Jed , I decided to write to you , board of directors , in order to inform you about the issues we are having in our department .
At the same time , rising up the controversial discussion about the extinct animals like the dodo and the reason which have brought to their fatal deaths , can show a pinch of awareness of the destruction of the several habitats which is considered one the biggest reason of this phenomenon .
I have sometimes meetings and go on the buisness trips . I have often holidays . I talk on the phone and writes emails . I often meets my buissnes partner and we are conducting talks about work .
I am looking forward to your reply in order to discuss more about the position you offer .
Hi , Per our discussion about the next character in the next TV promotion video , we agreed to use a soap opera star , because people can relate to the opera star more easily than with any others such as sports athlete , or pop stars to our peanuts butter product .
I talked with Jed and he is really worried about his team .
In your first day , we will discuss also about history of Sound and Vision TV .
So , next week we need to discuss about it and I think that you have to do more tasks than me .
I 'm looking forward to meet you and discuss about the survey .
`` Dear Mr. ... , I 'm John Brown from Smith & Son Enterprises ; we have met last week to discuss about a possible deal between our companies .
There are some points about the contract we have to discuss .
This discussion about Gavin and Alana , whether they are separated , wether he cheated her or she cheated him makes me very sad .
I encourage everyboby to discuss about discrimination at all levels even though they do n't agree with my point of view .
I like to think and discuss with people about my design , but I do n't like to spend time to fix the system process issues .
We have discussed about it many times .
I 'm sure that we need to discuss about more questions and details ( price , specific dates , etc .
I look forward to the interview and the opportunity to meeting the company and discuss more about `` our `` goals .
However I would be very glad if you would like to rearrange a new appointment to discuss about the contract .
I would be glad to have an appointment for discussing in more detail about my financial situation and the different mortgage plans that your bank offer ; you can contact me on my mobile phone : # # # # # # # # # or my e - mail : xxx @ hhh.it .
Day after day , we all became good friends , we often had available time to discuss about our life and family , during peace time , military life is n't very stressful !
Please can you give me an answer and a date for an appointment for discuss about a plan .
We will discuss about the results when I will be in the office .
I 'm asking about the possiblity of scheduling a meeting to discuss the way forward .
Let 's eat cake , discuss about any topic , sing .
Therefore , we could meet again and to discuss about terms and conditions of the contract .
Bill , we have had a long discussion about the best candidate for our new image campaign .
Being totally sure you all understand the urgency of this matter , I would propose to have this meeting tomorrow , 13th of August at 2 pm , to widely talk about it and discuss ideas together .
We discuss our future event : the date of the event , it 's time , how many people must come and another organizational questions .
I would be grateful if you could meet me on the Smith & Son Enterprises to discuss about our contract and provide all information you requested .
We have discussed about who should be in our ads and we reached the consensus in using actors/ actress from the soap opera instead .
If you agree , let 's have a meeting for discussing about the music , party games , the presents we 'll give to Paula , etc .
I think that my desire to jump is greater than desire to discuss with you about your policy .
I would like to say you that I am satisfied by results of discussing about some problems of our deal .
Could you discuss about the unlawful harrassment ?
It is no problem to be involved in political discussions , but please keep in mind that Greeks are very passionate about politics something that carries all the way since Ancient Greece - .
Findly , we are having discussion with the parteners about possibles solucions .
He came to discuss about the new delivery company 's policies .
If you need more information about this discussion do n't hesitate to contact me .
Sometimes i have meetings with my tutor for discuss about it .
- Are you allowed to discuss about your pay at work ?
I appreciate we could discuss about our transaction .
To conclude my presentation , i 'd like to tell you an anecdote and I would like you to think about its moral and we 'll discuss this together .
I 'm going to talk with the manager about the deal and I would like to meet you next week to discuss about the contract .
You need think about the team member whenever you discuss with customers , ask your members to join the meeting or discussion .
If you remember , we had lunch together last week and to had a discussion about our contract .
I always have a meeting to discuss about a development plan .
There was a death from a very far relativ and we all need to discuss about his testament .
Dear Mr. Righter , I 'm so glad to receive your email about my online course and I 'll answer your questions below : 1 ) I want to study online because : * It 's easier to adapt my time after work to study time ; * Online courses have more tools to learn and you can repeat the lesson that you could n't understand many times ; * In general , online courses have excellents discussion forums , private teachers and complementary activities ; 2 ) I would like to study english , italian , civil engineering , airport pavement projects and aromatherapy .
Currently , i work as a quality engineer in foxconn group , l will participate the meeting everyday and discuss how to reduce the product defective rate , talk about the complaint of the client , sometimes i will go to the business trip for my client , i often call a meeting with all department head of the firm to discuss how to improve our yield .
I often like my boss , but sometimes we have a discussion about my times when I should work , but in toto my job is great .
Paul is enthusiastic about his work so sometimes he is excessively emotional in the process of a discussion .
Hi everyone , We are here to discuss about the possibility of expanding our company into a new market .
I would like to meet you in person , in order to discuss about my thoughts further .
I had a meeting with my team , we were discuss our problem with the credibility of our ads and we have a suggestion for you about who will be the perfect star to promote the peanut butter .
I will be waiting for a answer from you , about that business we discussed .
I would like to discuss with you about this project .
I look forward to meeting with you as soon as possible to discuss about this email .
Obviously , there are not the only options and we could discuss about it during the meeting : - offer some incentives - re - motivate his team - offer overtime and bonuses - recruit to the team I know you are all very busy , however , this is very urgent and we need to solve theses issues as soon as possible , before situation deteriorates more .
I had discussed with my boss about the issue , but she said there no any example for new employee requested leave .
I still available to discuss with you about this party and I 'm awaiting for you better offer .
Here I try to discuss interesting points about culture , society , and history .
Sometimes I have meetings and discussion about my research .
For that reason a violent discussion flamed up about the consequences and the question what costs the change to renewable energy .
I would love to get together with you to talk about the global goal of your company and discuss about the prices and conditions of our proposal .
The main points we have to change are : Fix the bathrooms ( I even have found a sponsor ) , get new desks , maybe get some old tables for some rooms from the old cafeteria , so we have more space to work at the breaks , find a good balance on the field trips between money and glamour - it is maybe more about what we can learn and not how fancy it was - and the rest we will discuss later in person .
Maybe we can make an appointment and discuss about that .
Fore those of you that do n't know me , my name 's Guillaume V. Today we are going to discuss about `` Englishtown `` method .
The price is singular and we can discuss about it .
Dear Malcolm McDonald It 's my honor to take your time to discuss the issues about the employees rights .
We request about a conversation to discuss all details .
From : Maria Ciavatta To : Marketing Manager Subject : New TV ad Hello , I 've just met my team to discuss about the problem you mentioned in your last email .
Dear Mr McDonald , I am writing to you regarding your recent discussion with me about my overtime payment .
The fourth stage of my plan is join in a scientific group to make friends and discuss about science .
Besides , I would like to book an appointment with you in order to discuss about our contract .
I would appreciate to discuss with you about a proposal of loan .
I 've never commented discussion about famous people .
So I am looking forward to discuss about this as soon as possible .
Roland visited me yesterday in my office to discuss our new company policy .
I have more things to tell you but we can discuss about that when you arrive here .
The lyrics discuss about the changes of our world and the negative impact of growing cities .
We can discuss about prices after you look carefully all the options .
Dear Mayor Bleak , I 'm writing to you to discuss about the opening of the new Super - Market in our town .
So it will really appreciable if you discuss your problems or about work with your teammates as a professional .
When can we meet to discuss our topic about sex discrimination ?
The Asia ' 's representative discussed about making a robot that make a few facial expressions .
Dear Malcolm , I 'm writing regarding our recent discussion about the payment of my overtime .
Fashion is not a big deal , it 's only practice , wisdom and awareness ... let 's discuss much about fashion , because fashion is torn between colors and trends , have a good mood , playing with what we have in cupboard , or vintage pieces , is the best exercise of their own style , without having to buy pet peeve of the Ankle Boot , that everyone has , or the bag that all your friends use , Trend is a range of options is currently increasingly broad .
This makes me feel uncomfortable in situations were we have to discuss about the developement of our departement .
Even in discussions about implementing new therapies it is very hard to convince him .
It was very insensitive of her to talk all the time about money , even though you let her know that you do not want to discuss this matter .
Next , I will discuss with my parents , about the possibility of taking a gap year and travel around the world .
If someone starts the discussion , all the media vehicles will want an interview to know a little bit more about that !
I have my own life and do n't want to spend my time on discussion about weddings or divorse persons , which I do nt know personally .
If you would like to discuss me about this please contact me at # # # # # # # # .
I 'm grateful for your passion about my birthday . But your suggests should be discuss with others .
Let 's meet and discuss about this project .
Any way , as we were discussing about this survey I agree with this result .
I always get up at 6 o'clock and after I have the breakfast , I go to my job and write emails to my clientsa , after I draw designs to projects , in the evening I have meetings with my parterns and discuss costs about differents topics in the night I eat with my girlfriend
In fact , I really do nt like to discuss or comment about anybodys personal life on public forums .
Secondly , the topic we are discussing is about showbiz celebrities .
Dear Mr Henry Clark , according to our discussion about my account we have had last week , I have decided to request a loan to buy the house where I am living .
I hope to have a meeting with you as soon as possible to discuss about what I have done to start with the process to have a loan from the bank .
We discussed about the launch of the new party in Auguest .
Plot : They were discussing the stock market , fund and economic moment in the future .
full-time length , at the interview we can discuss further details of my comunication skill , writing skill and about my duties in the SRM Marketing .
Always try to be focused in your job and avoid to discuss with your boss about things that does n't worth try .
It 's important that you know that your declaration for me do n't change anything between us and I 'm ready to go out for discuss about this in front of a beer !
I work at the center city , work with computer , I 'm system developer . Everyday I have meetings about my project , Discussions about how implement the best code to software run all right .
Following , the author discusses about the frequent wishes of career path 's change and the reasons that originated this wishes .
I have already heard about it since last week and I would like to tell you that it is very improperly to descuss the privat problem in the public forum ( even through it is truth ) .
If you have further questions about the software , we can discuss details after the presentation is ended .
On the other hand , I have seen that he is a kind of cut - throat colleague and I have already witnessed him falling out with a co - worker , being pushy , speaking out of turn and pushing another colleague about during a discussion .
I just want to say sorry again , and perhaps we will meet again at your ealiest convenience to discuss about the contract .
They were buying something and they were discussing a lot about their relationship .
I discussed about this subject with Jed today .
See you next weekend to speak about that !
If you have any doubts about our changes and would like to discuss about any point of our new actions , just let me know .
To me , people who stay discussing about the life of others , are empty persons and have a boring life , because of that , they discuss about the life of others .
There are a lot of discussions about what alternatives will be more viable on renewable energy .
The other questions were made to discuss about the accents in England , and people said that dislikes Midlands accents , and the great part consider that have moderately strong accent .
I do n't like to discuss about the life of the artists , specially the artist that i like more .
I still went back to Hamburg to meet Mark to discuss again about the bussiness because he cancelled the date tuesday .
i work a lot people , i have meetings every day for discuss about project .
Last week I had dinner with Roland Mayberry to discuss with him about our companie 's delivery policy .
Please take note to come here tomorrow morning , we need to continue discuss about our last telephone conversation .
The fourth stage of my plan is to organize international conferences to have the opportunity to discuss about science .
People start to talk about the actors , in the mean time they discuss about the new movie .
My goal is to become as comfortable with English as possible , in order to be able to have discussion about a large range of topics with my colleagues from all around the world .
I have alread heard from some people that they have been discussing about breaking up .
We 've discussed about your job couple of times via Email and phone call .
You can call me to discuss about my birthday .
He feels unpleasant when there is a discussion about a disagreement .
When discussing what the respondents most dislike about English accents , 55 % of respondents revealed they disliked the accents from the midlands area of UK , while 45 % revealed they dislike the accents of liverpool .
As we already discussed in our last phone call , i would like to give you a brief overview about your first day program .
Roland came here to discuss about our new delivery policy .
After further discussions about it , we found a great idea to the new adds .
I found this discussion very funny about Gavin Taylor and is wife or ex girlfriend ! ! !
So , with that in mind , I have organized my presentation in three parts : firstly , I m going to show you about the history of bio - mimetic adhesion technologies ; then , I will tell you about our recent research results ; finally , I will answer questions at the end of the presentation and discuss your thoughts in greater detail .
Hello Anna , After we have discussed your different future ideas last time , I found this zookeeper 's ad in the newspaper .
Hello Anna , After we discussed about your different future ideas last time , I found this zookeeper ad in the newspaper .
I 'm available to discuss with you about that .
Think very carefully about those problems and I will make an appointment to discuss them .
I Often have meetings too for discuss about new projects .
In my project I 'll try to discuss about this tema , any kind of harrasment or discriminations about our society .
After some discussions about new TV ad , we 've reached conclusion to use a popular soap opera star for the promotion of our peanut butter products , instead of athlete because people can easily relate the opera star to peanut butter , the promotion is going to look more believable , while it 's not believable for an athlete to eat a lot of peanut batter .
We will discuss the problem about disign and work plan . Sometimes , I read and write emails .
We must discuss about to hire new staff , to pay the overtime and offer some bonuses and incentives to re-motivated the team .
Always I am thinking about our company , if we are working 15 hours every day . We can not bring a big gain to our company , because we are understaffed and overworked , we are tired and with out concentration working does not bring a big gain . When I am tinking about our company to chang the atmosfer the best way is , you have to do often meeting discuss about present problem and go on a trip recruit to the team
If you would like more information or to discuss about the job I have to do , you can contact me at 007 007 007 007 or email me at xxx @ bond.uk I wait for your permission .
I think there is more importants issues to discuss about .
I have a lot of friends , but my best friend is Evgenii . We spend much time together , going out to the cinema or to the disco party , speaking about music , discussing our problems .
Hi Bill , After some mettings to discuss about the new ad and who to relate to it , we have decided to use the most famous soap opera star .
It 's essential we discuss about solutions to solve these problems .
Today I have had the discussion with Roland about our higher costs for delivery .
The content includes overall self - assessment , achievements of the past year , likes and dislikes about working for the company , the most and the least of interest regarding parts of job , aim to accomplish in the comming year , hard and soft skills needed to improve , and anything else to discuss at the meeting .
with my staff we have discussed for long about who can convice our client to buy our product best .
I was chocked when I have heard about it because you were always a cool - mind person avoiding have any discussions with your co - workers .
I will book a new date on business center to discuss all your doubts about our services , and if you agree with us about the terms and the price , to sign a contract .
If you are able to discuss the salary , it is a contraint to me and I would like talk about that .
I propose that we meet and discuss about this topic as soon as possible .
I think we could see next week to continue our discussion about the agreement , and I am sure we could find the terms and conditions to sign a profitable contract for each other .
My name is Hugo and I am business owner , sometimes I go to the office and check if everything is ok , I have meetings once a week with my associates , we discuss about our weakness on the business or other problems concern us , when we done the meeting sometimes we chat about our personal life and socialize .
Every day I read news about economy and I have mornig meetings that we discuss about investment strategies , so I can understand more the contrys , the tendences and I feel good when I have more informations about the world .
As a result I found out that we are actually well - informed about latest issues discussed in the White House and within our State .
Please , email us your contact and resume so we can schedule an appointment to discuss more details about this position and its perspectives .
Another thing , i will learn about other cultures so i can discuss in a meeting with more facility .
Hi Anna , According to previous discussion , I have found an absolutely perfect job for you , so allow me to give you some details about it .
In the last century we have been discussing a lot about human rights in our society .
Of course , we could discuss about our contract .
First of all , it 's by far the most suitable job we 've found , there 's no discussion about that , trust me .
I like conversation about law .
Many times they do n't reveal themselves true , but magazines in any way reach the goals that they take aim , that consist in inducing readers to discuss about the news and in selling much many magazine 's copies .
What about meeting and discussing all the points together ?
Tomorrow , At the morning i will meet the CEO of the company to discuss with him about our project .
Reading The Hunger Games can lead to interesting discussions about our own world and how reality shows , authoritarian governments and obsession with fashion trends influence us .
Also I have been working as an editor in the school newspaper and due to my articles you have always learnt about all events in time and you have had the opportunity to discuss your problems .
He sees them and discuss with them about thier healthy managment an plan .
I m writing regarding our recent discussions about a breach of contract by TransWorld Enterprises .
Therefore like a mentor , I advise discuss about your business and why not sometimes asking them out .
I am writing to report you about the plan we disucussed in the meeting today .
The fourth stage of my plan is conversation with my boss about my career opportunities .
I am irritate and I want to meet you for discussion about refund .
I 'm writing to you in order to talk about your fear of confined spaces .
So we need to decide below solutions before situation deteriorates more .
If it 's possible , would we meet next week and discuss about the details of our contract ?
Hello everyone , how 's going these days ? I would like to hole a conference with the board of directors about discussing problems of Jed 's team .
I want to discuss about these points with you in this conference .
Then we can have more discussions about the subject .
I am writing because I am interested to have a discussion about the contract next week .
I usually have meetings with other doctors to discuss about treatments and to study new medications .
Dear Mr McDonald , I am writing to you regarding our recent discussion about the payment of the overtime .
We disussed the results in a team meeting and agreed about the code of conduct , again .
The plot includes a discussion about privacy , which is so relevent nowadays and make us think more about this theme .
Finaly we can discuss about these information and create a document to share with our collegues in our companys .
I have discussed with Mr Roland about our new delivery polcy and after a long discussion he could agree with our changes .
I hope you will enjoy the content and after my presentation I am looking forward to discuss with you about the cooperation .
In the previous months we had many meetings and discussions about our marketing plans and what we can achieve by executing our policies .
We discussed internal about the result and came to a conclusion , that our present logo is very old fashioned , not up to day .
Both group can discuss about the question .
As a person , he is very easygoing and he is often ready to talk about something interesting and discuss new ideas or exchange information about many subjects .
I correct their texts and we discuss about them .
My name is Tamer . I work for a hospital . Iam a doctor . I love my job because i always help people . Sometimes i have meeting with my boss for discussion about policy of our hospital . After i finish my work i feel tired . I work for long hours and rarely take a break
Have a good day Anna , and keep in touch to discuss about that later .
We discussed in our latest meeting about the star for the brand of our new campaign .
After that , every one was suggested to take part in the discuss of next years ' plan about our company , which include product plan , sells plan and researh improvement plan .
Besides , Sally is looking forward to meeting us again discussing about the future .
They discuss the whole night about their lives and finally fall in love .
Although I prefer to settle out of court , I will subsequently not hesitate to sue you in a Small Claims Court if you persist in refusing to discuss about it .
I liked the music because he talks about some important assue , using simple ways and a soft way to discuss it .
we have changed our policy about delivery and after two days discussing it he finally put himself in our place and understood uor position .
People were into the meeting : Adan , Chris and Taylor We had important questions about how to inccrease sales in the our Company .
They have discussed about how technology will increase next 2 years .
Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen , we are here today to discuss about how environmental regulations can impact the oil industry .
And finally , we will discuss about alternatives for this issue .
Let 's meet and discuss about this .
The employees could discuss in the meeting about internal and external strengths , weaknesses , opportunities and threats .
I love discussing about movies and books .
I suggest that we must have a meeting to discussion about my proposal .
Avoid discussing about religions and social conditions in this country .
I hope to have the opportunity to present myself to you and then discuss about the details on my resume that I am sending enclosed for your analysis .
We were discussing about some changes for the company for the next year and then he proposed to our director a new structure on his department .
The purpose of this meeting is to discuss about some problems that we are having with the costumer service , many clients complain about the attendants , the costumers says in most of the complains that they are rude and do n't Know our products .
First : we discussed new hires and what we need to do to get this ; Second : Cut jobs .
I think that world leaders need to meet and discuss about these problems , because we 'll have terrible environmental problems .
There are many excellent technicians who will discuss about the new product .
I 'll encourage the Principal to give us time for discussions with all students to find out about urgent requests .
Last week , my wife and I have discussed about our future .
I know you 've already discussed about it with your family and friends ( included myself ) ... but I knew you wo n't keep your currently job because you fell yourself bad .
I have tried to discuss with Diane about my absence from her mom 's party , but she does't want me to miss the only chance in one year .
Dear Mr director , I am writing to discuss with you about a training course for Peter .
I apologized my bad arrangement , hope you can give me one more chance , I have reserved a table in another restaurant next Tuesday night , can we meet again to discuss about the contract ?
Finally , I will discuss about the possible solution in our policy .
An our next meeting we will discuss about this .
John Smith , Dear Manager , I am writing to you informing about some suggestions , I hope you would appreciate them , which I made after our entry discussion on the game product for children regarding the environmental problems and endangered animals .
Not discuss the facts or ideas Talk about others guests and their personal lives .
I remember a discussion with my Turkish colleague who complained about her mother - in - law bringing sweets to her little son all the time , although he did n't like chocolate and nobody ate it .
The discussion about corner shops nearby and big - box stores on the outskirts is rather old .
There were some people discussion about environment and solutions to global acquirement .
The main goal of this congress was discuss about the science and technology on following areas : post processing of agricultural products , rational use of soil and water resources and renewable energies .
In a recent meeting we discussed about an important contract .
Each town council have different problems and I think is more useful to discuss about a real topic rather than an abstract matter .
Dear all , We need to discuss about that cut expenses .
We had the meeting to discuss a new project in the Stamping , but it was bad .
So this meeting will be important for us to discuss about what is happening .
GXC sent Sally Cassidy to discuss about our deals , the company VP .
But this is changing , a big change that happened about gender differences discussion is the first women president was elected by the almost people in the last election .
Since the release of the first version of My School in January 2010 , there has been much discussion about the data presented on the site and their usefulness and validity .
And how about a special assembly time where to discuss major issues ?
I have been thinking about and I think we need to check this gossip before go ahead with this discussion .
In the first year of school , we discussed and fot two year , we went enemies .
I would you like , please , think about what I wrote and let me know if you have some questions and we can have appointment next Monday to discuss about it .
Anyway , she told me that she wants to have another meeting to discuss about future .
I suggest that we meet , review the location list and discuss about my proposal .
I guess these people like it too , the exchanges about countries , languages , jobs , sports , a lot of subjects were talk about .
They are also lacking resources so we need to think about investment I feel , at the very least , we should discuss the possibility of bonuses once this project is complete .
Hi Max , The networking event these month had discution about the economy of company .
To next week , I suggest a metting to dicuss with more details about the move our company and also talk about your concerns .
And in the end of the day I have an important dinner with my boss to discuss some points of my trip to NY tomorrow morning. % % Can you come to visit me another day ?
Recently in my country we had two laws that caused a lot discuss in the society , the first one was the law about smoking in public places like restaurant , offices and bares , it is just permitted smoking in the street , otherwise you have to pay a fine .
We started the meeting discussing about my development plan and the goals that I have proposed .
It 's an IT job , so I stay at computer all day , usually I meet my clients on my desk to discuse about the software solutions that I develop .
We discuss about the projects and the robo 's tournament .
The last meeting with our partners , we discussed about the kind of robot that would be good and the price .
She want to meet us as soon as possible to discuss about our future partnership .
I think that was an excellent opportunity for me because I was there discussing ideas with Mr. Stenson , the CEO and he really liked about my ideas and he said that he will email me , I am very excited .
We discussed future of modernization telephone network our company and received answer about all our questions and complexity .
I was claiming with the agent and they told me that the problem is mine and they do n't do anything about it .
Women worked in the fields and then they continued at home , also men worked hardly , but sometimes in the evening they spent some time at the `` osteria `` ( inn ) to play cards or to see TV and sometimes to shout , discussing about politics or sport .
Stay away from office politics. % % Disengage when discussions turn to complaints about coworkers or other office gossip .
Dear Mrs. Nuccorini , I m writing to communicate you that I have finished my degree thesis on Analysis of some English expressions on the European legislation about the theme of immigration , with a view to my discussion at the next Specialist degree session , For this reason , I enclose you three chapters in which I deepen , respectively , the concept of special languages , the use of the corpora and the linguistic analysis of some English expressions on the European legislation about the theme of immigration .
Subject : Summary of accident statistics Dear team , I 'm writing about 2 topics discussed in the morning meeting : First item : Fernando asked if our accident 's rate are decrease .
You can discuss with your boss about things that bring you most stress at work .
So I consider very importante a new meeting to discuss about these issues .
I am proposing we meet and discussing about my proposal to take a better solution .
Today I saw the Pope minister a cerimony and he discussed about the conflict in Ukraine .
In Mexico we used to talk about general situations at the table , except politics and religion , this is seeking to prevent a discussion .
We discussed several proposing about of move .
I am proposing a meeting for we can discuss about hirings , because our company is at a moment complicated , we need resolve the question that is envolving some layoffs of our employees , I think that layoffs not solve our problems .
But , on the other hand , many countries will create more pollution if their leader do n't meet and discurss about environmentanl problems .
I really ca n't understand why the people spend their time and money discussing about the private famous people life . What it will change the world ?
Will be my plasure to discuss more about this issues .
In the moment in Brazil , the main discussion is about if the doctors borned another country can work in brazil .
I suggest that we discuss about this subject the last week .
Do n't hesitate to contact me directly or any member of my team to discuss about it .
She asked for ideas and kept her informed about any problem and kept all the discussion confidential .
The best thing that he did is , discuss audience opinions and exchange stories about racism and take our opinion about what the best way to handle with racism persons .
I discussed with Jed his concerns , and precisely : 1 ) His team feels that is understaffed and overworked 2 ) They have a lack of resources 3 ) They feel underappreciated I get the impression that we should to review the Whole situation to give everything that is necessary to give Jed 's team the resources and the reassurences because works efficiently and effectively .
I think that we need discuss about the disadvantage and advantages of a moving .
First , Joan , Todd and Simon was in a meeting to discuss about how many computers they would need to buy over the next 12 months .
The next point of discussion was about possible solutions for this problem .
At this time I am not working In my major , but sometimes I need to attend some meetings to discuss about a class topic .
They ask me about the books or have a discussion on the books .
Then I am going to talk about the result of our survey and finally I am going to discuss the most important results of our study , also considering results of studies from english-speaking countries .
She is discussed wih her parents about that .
We discussed about two companies that proposed prices to buy our software .
so , we can discuss with customer about the project progress issue .
I really hope the director of my department can hold discussion meeting with all employees , and we can collect all kinds of ideas about how to resolve the prombles during the work .
Then the deputy senior manager proposed that we need to have a meeting with that department disscussing about all the details .
In fact , I want to see you again to discuss things we have not talked about yet , and after that to sign the contract .
Dear Elizabeth , I received your proposals last week , and I arranged a workshop with all the creative department to discuss about this campaign .
i just discussed with my boss about my career path during the five forcoming years .
So folks for today , let 's discuss about our company , for example how we can earn more money .
I 'm concerned about my father 's money situation , I discussed with him all night long , but he is a really stubborn guy .
Well for now , that is all , but soon we 'll have another meeting , and than we 'll discuss about sales and the current company situation in the market .
Is gender equality still a important topic tu discuss about in Brazil ?
Good news is that the share of women on company boards is increasing due to the impact of recent EU - wide discussions about the European Comissons proposal to set a 40 % objective for women on boards. % % In my opinion the latest development is encouraging .
To : xxx @ gmail.com ; xxx @ hotmailcom From : fantasticshop.com Subject : talking about our company Hi : I 'm writing this letter to know our items Paula said how many clients she must to has in a week .
There were more than 20 classic car owners and discuss about customize idea for theirs cars .
In my job I read emails , talk the phone and sometimes I have meet for discuss about projects .
The Director told the meeting that will be created a new company , a subsidiary of the current company .
we were a discuss about a new code dress and decided : for man , black pants and skirt whit logotype , blue shoes , and for men , navy blue dresses or suit .
We need to discuss for his job for the next boards members .
The most important is to discuss about his work .
Finally , the two CEOs decided schedule another meeting for the next week to discuss about .
Jed and I discussed about the possible solutions .
we discussed about the past year , and he told us that they want to increase their purchases from us by 20 % .
There were about 40 web analytics discussing how we should measure our sites ' user behaviour in the future .
Another point of the agenda was to discuss about merger with their biggest competitor .
Also the Powerpoint application was really nice , with lot of charts well done , so even if I did n't work in that domain , I easily understood every idea and I have a good remembering in the end about all the subjects discussed - it was quite amazing !
You must have every week a meeting with them to discuss about performances and how to plan their work. % % To conclude I am waiting from you a report every friday .
Each time I leaved a client , I could call him to discuss about the result of our negociation , I could do a short report on my computer after each exhange .
We are discussing about how to decrease the calls on our on - line help - desk .
Weekly meeting : abstract discussion about the budget for 2013 : they were defined goals for sales e costs in different scenarios ( expected results with variations about 20 % , to up and to down ) it was decided hiring the new manager for events and promotions .
The people really enjoy discussing about the rumors and sometimes it 's not important for them , if the rumors are true or not .
We already booked a new meeting next week to discuss about a better ways to avoid news delays .
Try to avoid some discussions about politics , soccer and religion .
After a brief productive discussion , they decided that there were not enough information to make a decision in the meeting and requested that a survey should be done soon to gather more information about the behavior of the market .
Hi Anna , regarding our latest discussion about your new job , I have great news for you .
We had a lot of discussions about this law .
Last week I partecipated to the Board Meeting in wich they discussed about the merger between Comma society and Point Society .
According to me , it might be usual to discuss about the worth of goods , prices of furniture and the level of wages when you meet someone for the first time and she did not feel her tactless .
Afterwards , I will have an interview with you where we could discuss about your duties , the team who you will manage and who you will be reporting to .
After it I would like to dicuss with you , there about .
Yesterday my class of engineer made a meeting to discuss about party of graduation .
She said she wants to meet again soon , so we can discuss or future .
The problem was that employees were discussing all the time about problems in the area .
In my country the same happened , many researchers of differents areas , like sociology , psychology , economy , discuss about de gender and equality .
To all staffs , Hi everyone , in the meeting of yesterday we discuss about proposal to cut expenses , so my proposal is that the company has a hiring freeze , because that way we do n't need to quit nobody , another possibilty is that we move to a cheap location , this building is very expense , so if we move we can cut expenses .
A few months ago I consulted a financial advisor to discuss with him about my retirement .
We need of programs with a new level of quality and frequence , like documentaries , programs for discussions about our reality , ours problems , education , health , jobs .
I suggest that we meet and discuss more about theses concerns .
sometimes there some discussions about the work .
I took the contacts to discuss about new theories .
If you want to discuss about it , give me a call. % %
We will discuss about it for a while after we get married .
It was a short trip to attend a meeting at ANVISA , Braslia - Brazil , to discuss regulation affairs about orthopedic implants .
That time i was n't married yet though it was common to watch tv and chat along my father - in - law while discussing about the characters on the movie , the wheather or anything you can think of .
We need to talk together more about the future of the company and discuss a way to cut expenses .
I offered to him a building for sublease but he was confused and showed me his company licence and told that can not sublease any building by the law he can only work as a real estate broker , then we discussed about market situations .
The survey in discussion talks about the peoples attitudes to voice and British English accents .
Because of my work I know a lot of words in statistics and I can discuss a statistical paper , but I ca n't talk about a TV program for example .
We have to discuss about that !
Dear Mr. Malcom McDonald , I 'm writing you again regarding the same issue we discussed last week about my overtime payment .
3-They are also lacking resources so we need to think about investment I feel , at the very least , we should discuss the possibility of bonuses once this project is complete .
We may discuss this propose in the next meeting , please think about pros and cons .
I liked one , I ca n't invite her because at first they had had a discussion about who join to the bathroom .
They are discussing now , about the next phase of the project .
Our CEO suggested another meeting including the engineering team to discuss about date schedule .
It will be a long meeting and discussion about this theme .
Occasionally , I travel to new places , experience new things or I just learn from other people great things or discuss some demanding ideas , about life , people or our cosmos .
So I am going to start with my quiz , moving on to a very intersting ancdote and finayy my conclusion will be to think and discuss about the anecdote .
John starts to work with the future husband of Isabella , then they start to have a great rivality between themselves , so one day , they have a discussion about Isabella .
After that , Isabella stays indecise about what man she has to choice because of the discussion , then , a man suddenly appears on their work place and shot John killing him , making Isabella marry to the other guy .
One time in the company where I work , there was a discussion between a employee and a manager , they were talking about the salary of some employees that because of inflation , were being insufficient for the cost of living , so the boss appeared and did two sugestions .
Pertamina office Jakarta to discuss about their Fire Pumps .
I believe I need to visit the doctor to discuses about the problems in my health that recently appear for me and other .
Nowadays , it ' 's discussed a lot about the direction of education here in Brazil .
The meeting objective was to discuss about teaching methods in our school .
In the cafeteria we heared all that discussion about the child support an alimony .
Our next meeting for discuss about it is on Monday January 27 at 10 am in our offices .
The three bedrooms and two bathrooms will make the kids forget about the discussions for more space .
Im my opionion we must have education programs for childrens , also programs of discusion about news .
I know you have many problems with the building that your company are located and I think that we can discuss about these problems and find a big solution .
Other point , Sally wants to meet us again soon to discuss about our future together .
i discuss the advantages and disadvantages of the playground , i expose the help it gives the project and how much the child would enjoy the playground , the before 5 hours of assembly they accept .
I suggest that we meet with all employes and discuss about problems at company .
Hi Mr. Bill , I would like to tell about the main points discussed in the meeting that was done in Uberlndia - MG , at May 1st , with Mr. Barros ( Investor ) from RCL Company to discuss the opening of a new franchising in this city : - Mr. Barros would like to invest in a new business ; - His working capital is above U $ 1 Billion ; - We need to do a market analyse to validate the best place to building of the store ; - We will meet again after 45 days to analyse the data collected and define the deadline this project .
We could discuss about important items on the agenda .
We will discuss about CFO replacement in the next meeting .
No decisions were made due to different opinions about this topic , that s why a new meeting was scheduled to next Friday , 16th , to discuss the purchase and you are invited to show up there .
In my country as many countries around the world , talking about politics , religion , and sex most of the time this kind of discussion ends up in awkward situations , where people offend to each other , so these are inappropriate topics for conversations that everybody needs to avoid .
However , I believe that our public political need to meet and to discuss about the future plans .
The meeting went fantastic , went very rewarding . T ogether , we discussed about the what happened in the last year and also about the goals for next year .
My boss decided that one posible solution to avoid this in the future could be to have a team meeting every month to discuss about posible issues the could affect work team .
More than 20 executives from different companies around the world were there to discus about the latest technologies used in cryogenics plants .
Dear John , Last saturday , I went in a fantastic event to discuss about the global environment .
There , many of the principals personality discuss about this problem .
However , quality is a point that needs a lot of improvement when we discuss about Brazilian educational system .
There are many discussions about an advantage and the drawback of tests .
Summary : At this meeting , we have disscuss about the market share toubles the company insist in deny .
Hi Bill , We had a meeting to discuss about the ads for our peanut butter product .
In the afternoon , Sally was busy but she said she wants to meet us as soon as possible to discuss about our common future .
We made a simple mixture about the sales , i mean , between the actual situation and the future .
Follow below the matters discussed : 1 - Expasion of new unit ; 2 - Expassion of our staff ; 3 - Purchase of new equipaments ; 4 - The problems happened in China operations ; 5 - Improvements and sugestions ; 6 - Free matters ; We talked about the matters above , and other no important matters .
In my opinion , the society has to have a big discussion about this issue , before the mass introduction of this technology in our environment !
Owner : Ok , before you started I have heard some rumors about children running alone into garage , I think this problem is more important to discuss and solve .
The first item was about the training schedule , and the second item , we discussed about the new hires .
Ladies and gentleman We have some disadvantages in our company and I need to discuss with all of you about this cons .
I propose that first we schedule a meeting weekly to discuss our strenghts and weeknesses about how the team is working , we need to make a strnog teamwork to put our company in another level .
The people will can discuss more about important subjects and maybe to solve more socials , politics problems .
I look forward to discuss with you about this .
So , now you should send to him an e - mail about what do you agree with our changes but , before you doing this may we can have a discussion at lunch time if you are free ?
Then , I explained why was so important everybody follow each discussion by our chat and to be informed day by day about the project progress .
We have a very interesting discussion about old year and our plans for the next year .
A month ago we had very important meeting where we discussed about a possible delivery of our multimedia titles with one of our dealers .
I shared an idea , that we previously discussed , about a school for new screenwriters development .
We need to have good ideas and meeting to discuss more and more about cut expenses .
I met with him last week and was possible to discuss about prices for this month .
Hi Mantovani , I just met with Sally Cassidy to discuss about the deadlines of our major project .
Dear Mr. Jimmy , My name is John , from Smith & Son Enterprises , and we had a lunch last week to discuss about our contract .
What I m trying to get at we have to discuss about your bad language .
I met with the curator of Bienal and we discussed about the next exhibition .
We have negociated the first date to open the exhibition and we did the list about the guests , we also discussed about the little speech that he should to do .
The third slogan is not worth a discussion since a similar slogan used about four years ago turned out to be a catastrophic failure .
Yesterday , I met with Mr Wanner , XYZ 's CIO , to delivery our Proposal and discuss about any details that he would want .
Mr Wanner wants to discuss about new opportunities as well and he counts on us to help him with a lot of new projects that needs solutions .
From Christine Hi , yesterday our team had a discussion about the right protagonist for the TV ad .
In the morning , during the week , have a lot shows to housewive 's entertainiment whose discuss about health and the soap opera , learn cook and fashion .
We 'll have a meeting next week to discuss about a new business location , as this will be too a way to save money .
We discussed about all the garages and what we have to change .
We also discuessed about clients .
Dear all , The meeting , we discussed about the requirements Sales Order Detail module and I summarized the clarifications and action items here : There are 3 pages in the module : New Sales Order Page , List Sales Order Page and New Sales Order Details Page .
The CEO spoke about the proposed merger with our first competitor to rectify our financial problems , but , this still is a proposal to be discussed at others meetings .
After discussing about this , the COO said that we should try to negotiate a good price with them .
In the second topic we discussed about the audit fees .
Subject : Project to improve Information Security The meeting was to discuss about security project topics to improve information security after hacker attack , where client confidential information was lost and the company 's image has been compromissed .
Today we are here to discuss about the company drop in sales , and I know your are all somewhat concerned about the rumors of downsizing , but let me start saying that jobs will not be lost yet , but we need an upturn in profits this quarter .
The board of directors decided to do an emergencial meeting , and then they discussed about two solutions .
We discussed about new ideas for ecological and design building .
I guess that Selma was not aware about what subject could be evocated or not .
We were discusing about new ideias for our new product .
The violence are in the all places and in all shows of TV . We need to speak also about about the programs and movies that has too sex scenes e explicit violence . On the cable TV has some channels for children , they 're better , but not it 's the best for they .
On weekends , there are programs discussing about silly things , for example , if one person has a lot of debts , they will pay part of the debt if you complete a live task .
There are a lot of things to discuss about the health of our environment because we have things that are still free like water , but often we just give attention when is late .
Our team disscuss about who is the best peroson for our addvertizing .
I would appreciate to discuss further with you about specificities related to requested contents .
I think they could make a meet with everyone to discuss about the company goals .
In question almost immediately about which political themes are discussed with the children and how they will be addressed .
Dear colleagues , We need to meet to discuss about some itens , as follows : First - At about five costumers asked us about the delays of our deliveries ; Second - Some employees are not satisfeid with their jobs and we need to know the reasons ; Third and last - We hired two more people to join us .
But when we talk about disadvantages , we can discuss more things , as the effect of this action at employees morale , how our costumers would react with this , and so on .
There were hundreds of materials coordinator to discuss new ideas about oil , gas and logistic .
We had hot discussion about 100 days payment delay and their boss Mr. Lam was completely discordant .
We discussed about my retirement age .
We have to discuss abaut the best way for to do that .
As you asked me to write a summary about the end of our meeting todays morning , that you had to leave early , I bring two important topics discussed .
We discussed about the growing of sales for next two years .
We ca n't forget of do n't high speak while we are eating or discuss about something unnecessary .
The meeting was very important too , to discuss others points of view like : 1 The merger among the Financial Department and the Accounting ; 2 The new hire of the board 's Marketing ; 3 The budget to the next year , about in U $ 1 .
Each meeting was a great challenge for us , because of issues like discussions about themes for the next numbers / editions of the Review , evaluation of papers and the budgets for next numbers .
We discussed a lot about the impacts of it and conclude it 'll be good for both .
He also scheduled another meeting after the training is over to discuss about the expasion .
If there are any problems about the spec , I am willing to discuss with you .
Next week shall we have dinner together and discuss about it ?
I 'm going to meet there with my assistants and discuss with them last news about our project .
The purpose of the meeting it was to discuss about an offer for a new job .
I met today with Antonio Montoya the CEO of Armor All company to discuss about our business relationship as we had planned .
After playing the people are used to talk about job difficulties and take advantage of the situation to talk over complains and discussions during the week and solve them drinking a beer together .
On the other hand , she did nt discuss the best days about the timeline which created some discontentment in some executives .
I think the next meeting we can discuss more about this proposal .
Anyway , we need talk about my proposal , and I suggest next week for that .
../ We discuss about all idiom of life .
We discuss about hours during the interview .
I summarize all points that would be discussed and I just starting introducing about new renewables known .
The last time that one employee have discussed about a different point of view , he used his power in order to change the facts and the employee got fired , because in his mind he always was right .
Just watch the governamental meetings about environment , they only discuss , sign some documents but do nothing different .
Summarize of Boccia Team meeting ; I 'm writing to summarize the meeting our meeting realized on this monday and the points were : New boccia exercises ; Planning for National Championship for those athletes that will be there ; And the last , we discussed about the theory exercises .
I consulted a financial planner to discuss about how much I will gain when I stop to work .
The product is really good , but the employees were n't happy and the environment has a lot of discussion about the way that they do the job .
He walked into our office , said hello , and then we started discussing about our project .
During discussed , she suddenly said she was the house owner and she would like to negotiate with us about the final price .
The next step is to desscuss about service .
I suggest that we think a lot about these points and discuss at the next meeting .
When the client say about the quantity and the way that they will pay , I return to my office and discusse whith my boss about the price or if some kind of discount is allowed .
In the end , James wanted everyone to discuted ideas about how be a success chef in a restaurant .
Probably , if you are free , can you call me we discuss about business .
We discussed the results of the half year , talked about the sales of the last quarter .
After a while , I had a very interesting discussion about french wine with the cafes owner .
Recently on the University , the engineering students , including me , discussed how the University could improve about our curricular grade .
The meeting went very well and we argued and discussed about all issues in detail and I was trying to clarify any misunderstanding , as a result , the our supplier was convinced that they would change faulty system and our contractor undertook to has their team working around the clock until wrap the project up .
Twice or third times per week , I met her to discuss and exchange about our differents cultures .
I have coursed Social Communication at early 2000 ' s , and I remember we used to discuss a lot about the impacts of media changing in the world .
everybody to discuss about this theme and feel the reaction from the global governements .
The police not think that is a robbery with death , because the husband cold not founded and the neighbors says about diary discussions with the man and your wife .
If you want to discuss about it please contact me by libby @ goodemployee. % % com or at 345 - 798 Yours sincerely Libby
First of all , you can give them an agenda about the meeting , so everyone can understand it clearly and it would help you to get a useful discussion . And when you think it 's the moment to finish the meeting , you should summarize the meeting and thank everyone to come .
Because I was young , the supplier tried to play with me , and give me the highest price of the area , to increase his benefit on my face . Firstly , we discussed about the FOB price , I put it down from 14 to 10 , because he gaves me a CIF price .
I remember , in that moment , was begin discussion about the urgency of disaster prevention climate in the country .
While I was participating to a global meeting gathering a lot of departments I could hear about the fact we were a family , we could had genuine discussions about all topics .
And about the conclusion he would have been brillant if he had explained more minutely the porpouse of the drug discussed .
We could discuss about the new project for leaders that they are planning to start next year .
We discussed in the groupwork about our new products and I guess that Sabine liked the new products .
I do n't have anything to complain about my family , but sometimes , discussions with my wife e take care of my baby makes me stressed .
The main idea consist in daily meetings , with 15 minutes and about 12 staffs , where we will discuss our project , giving feedbacks , put the problems on the table , appoint the necessary changes .
Another thing : Sally told me to meet again soon to discuss about the future opportunities , maybe we will meet again next week .
We have not a baby , but we dream about it and offten discuss this theme .
If you are available , shall we discuss about how to negociate with the .
However , its strenght is not consolidated how it was supposed to be and there are a lot of constantly discussions among its members about tariffs , taxes and trade embargos , making this agreement really weak in comparison with Nafta and Eurozone .
We discussed about the Beethoven 9th symphony ( 4th movement and choir ) .
We can discuss about some points : 1st : A leader must be a confident man ( or woman ) and must conduce they team the more save as possible during the tasks .
for have a political discussion about the progress in the world .
I discuss with them about following points -request a discount -Even with the discount we want to live band -Make clear that we compromise on food and drinks if thay agree with our botton line
and we discussed about our new photo copier and they said the best engineer they have quit last month and they stopped worked on our project three weeks until they have hired a new engineer and let him working with his team 24/7 on our project .
Whitin three or four years , my goal is to be qualified to represent my country to discuss with professional of other nations about tax laws .
It was discussed about distance education and its application in basic education .
This is a very good discussion , mainly because there are a lot of pros and cons about big - box stores .
Rodrigo , I just came back from the meeting with the members of committe , it was a very productive meet , we discussed the doubts about the TUM 's project and what points are impeding our work .
After more 30 minutes ' discussing about that purchase , and finally I made my last proposal .
At the start of the meeting , was discussed about the problems of communication with Sunset and what they could do about it .
In our first meeting , we have a great discussion about our different meaning to business prozesses in our company .
Now we are both in the management and have goot discussions about the future of the compony .
I tolk with him about the problem of work , that was discussis in the meeting .
Giulia asked about new products and we discussed this point .
- What kind of circumstances do we have to discuss about it ?
The disadvantage is the cost for the event , but I suggest that we discuss about that next week .
We discussed about the plans of our company to provide services over the internet .
I ca n't understand how people can discuss about soap operas !
Will discuss about the course in weekly safety meeting .
In the last meeting , we discuss about new projects .
In a personal way , it is really complicated when I am discussing with some friends about this topic .
The meeting was to discuss about a plan to get more clients .
During the presentation , we discussed about the contract I was offering , negotiating the costs , the timetable , the fixed costs and so on .
Questioning can help you to develop an argument even you are believing that you do n't have any idea to discuss about it .
They are always talking about the celebrities and what they are doing instead of discussing real problems that affect us all .
And finally , we will discuss about the benefits of this new product for our company .
I want to give an example about one law that created a great discussion with people in favor and against it .
We check several point about updating our english lab .
We were speaking about 3 hours and final decision was 650 dollars per unit and also we had to sign the service contract for 1 year .
He Was handsome , has lovely smile , and has good experiences and he was discussesing with me about the work , and some work tasks .
I have usually meeting for discussion about my patients .
Of course , we must to be critic to everything , from government , condos or even at work that sounds like somebody have been unfair and discuss with other people about that , and this include government , trying to reach the best situation for everybody .
I will let you know about any news regarding this discussion .
I did a lot about hiring people , to discuss about salary and benefits .
Before we leave the boss ask me and sales manager to stay and then we discussed about increase share market and we agree that all discussion it 's confidential and between us .
Every engineer could tells us his opininon about the current problems and so we 've discussed the solutions and ways out .
So we also have to discuss every time with him about solutions .
Polish people like talking about politics but it is n't a good topic for discussion during the family 's meeting because people always quarrel about politics .
Hi Gerald , i have some good news about the discussion with Ronald about our new company policy regarding the raised delivery costs .
As soon as i arrived , we going to discuss more details about this meeting .
We had a discussion about their new prices of our OUC cards .
While I was taking my break , he discussed with his boss about the price .
There , we discussed about our sales last month .
We also invited the partner companies to discuss together about how to motivate more creativity of children who were took to the educational institution .
Dear Frank , I want to told you about the child psychology event , it hold at PM 2:00 at Suzhou central park last weekend , there were hundreds of expert join in this discussion to sharing contacts and ideas about how to pay close attention to child psychology , the best idea that the parents must encourage children to do something by themselves .. .
I think that I made some great activity contacts , Jasmine was excited about my opinion , maybe she will call me to discuss the detail information .
We discuss about their orders .
By the time we were saying good bye , she asked me for one more meeting to discuss about the future .
Why do we have a vital discussion about acceleration in the beginning of the 21st century ?
... .. A few hours later he me contact , beyond ensues from discussing passionate about our common passion and `` good night `` .
There is no discussion about what is mandatory to be successfull in life in terms of being passionate in what you are doing , exercising every day and want to be the best in doing what you want to do .
I think that the governors will discusse about this to polution decreasing .
He have discussed a lot about the possibilities of a partnership between our company and the OFT and I felt they are very receptive to it .
Good morning everybody , today I want to discuss with you about cutting costs .
We talked about the new projects and discussed some special issues .
Sometimes we are wondering about English people and their inclination for discussions .
The next meeting is on Monday and we 'll discuss about all this .
Our discussion was just about the collage and class for more than 3 months .
The Consultants fought and discussed all weeks about who was the best for attend the main costumers of the company .
Please contact me at above telephone number or e - mail me on xxx @ rediffmail.com if you would like to meet me to discuss about my qualification and experience .
Some countries are discussing and voting for the gay marriage , what is your opinion about this subject ?
It 's about a couple that have a some discussion about their life .
There are over 20 professional team form all around the would , those who are doing the research in the bio - chip industry , and the main gist we discuss is the issue about improving efficiency of micro- channel in nano - scale development .
Dear friend , at our last meeting , we had a discussion about our dreams , whether they will be realistic or not .
In the last year we have a public discussion about minimum wage .
Sally proposed a new meeting only for the discussion about the future of both companies .
Adam , Chirs and Taylor had partipated of the last meeting , where they discussed about the new customers .
Well I bought a boat last year and we have long dicussions about the price with the vendor .
There were two hundreds of software designers and developers at Exposition Park for discussing about new innovative way to develop critical softwares .
First , we discussed about how many new customer we have .
I think that technology has been improving our lives but it 's also necessary a lot of discussion about the environmental impacts .
We discuss about the new customers and ways to increase the sales ; About the new customers , we got attract 50 new customers from the last period to now , It ' 's a good number , but , I am sure that we can do more and better .
We discussed about the company shares and profit .
I just got back from meeting about the news ideas for next year in marketing I just got back from the meeting where new ideas were being discussed for next year 's marketing strategy .
After , we discussed about the amount of staff needed to lead on the activities in the new location , and we agreed with the transfer of 15 employees to the new headquarters .
to : xxx @ xy.com ; xxx @ xy.com ; xxx @ xy.com From : xxx @ xy.com Subject : Occupational Accidents Dear team , Today discussed about our Occupational Accidents numbers .
We need to change the original plan and start using the new idea to let the audiences find it believable. % % How about lets schedule a meeting for the discussion .
However , we discussed about they fast - tracking this project 's part and send us the samples .
I look forward to meeting you to discuss about the next steps .
The people have to talk with everybody about everything but , it 's better do n't talk about religion or soccer - almost every time this will start a long discussion .
In my country we have many differents etiquette rules for a diner , for example , we ca n't talk about political or religin topic on the table because is impolite start a discussion about hard topics or news .
At the beginning there was a tough discussion between the CIO and the Project Manager about the situation in the project .
We are discussed about many items .
With that , was able to compare and discuss about new created estimates .
i think the gasolin price and pollution increase so that water and air quality will be low so the worled leader must discuse electric caes idea .
I believe that in this area , is good to work with other person , because a aloud us to argue about a lot of ideas .
I had a delightful meeting with Sally Cassidy and discussed about our business in a great steakhouse .
After we discuted about the news digital books for the studends , they was agree with us .
This opportunity at talk and discuss about issues of interest at every employee , in my oppinion is the first meeting , but with very positive results .
Filipe also told me that he wants to talk to you next week to discuss about a new project that can increase our profit in 20 % .
While that the governor has been discussing and worrying with the personal plans and the next step to his career ... That 's terrible but it 's a reality in Brazil !
The presentation was composed by four main topics : First , we showed the current Brazil demography and forecast , like Income trends , aging distribution , social classes , weight of population ... Second , I entered in a discussion about the market volume , spoken about the past , current and forecast .
Third , we discussed about the Global Trends , local trends and lasts launches in the market linked with the trends .
The last reunion we had , we discussed about the cleaning of the hull .
To : the Board of Directors RE : Emergency meeting of the board Following my meeting with Jed , I would like to discuss with all directors about Jed 's team needs .
I met the teachers group last week and we discussed about the Halloween project for this year .
It tooks one year of visit and several discussion about the price to find the right person and close the deal .
The fisrt price he told me was $ 200 , but told him , that it was expensive , so we dicussed about the prices , and at the end we made a deal .
We start immediately the discussion about the modification of the plant project that they required ( see email hereby attached ) .
I propose that we meet and discuss about my opinion at our next meeting .
I also liked that he openned topics for discution and it made us share our personal experiences about the topics , but if he 'd given more time to the topics we would have had more interesting discussions and also more personal experience shared , it would have added more information and knowledge to the attenders .
Moreover , we should discuss about possibilities of cuts some inefficient used tenanted squares .
During the last meeting they talked about David and they had regrets because they did n't speak with him earlier .
Often there 're many discutions about some problems in our work and we try to find a right solutions .
We 've agreed to meet again soon to firm up contracts and to discuss about future opportunities .
Please call me soonest to discuss more about !
They are also lacking resource so we nee to think about investment I feel , at the very least , we should discuss the possibility of bonuses once this project is complete .
We spent our morning discussing about how could we wrap up our joint project as soon as possible , and also getting the main proposed targets .
We discussed about how was going on the manufacturing . I hjave some bad news for you .
The executives were discussing about the merger and organized some activities to support all negotiation .
They also discuted about the possibility to replace the CEO and eveything about the merger .
We discussed about our plan .
I will meet with him tommorow and we will discusse about future work with him .
We discussed about how the purchases can increase and then we fixed the critical points .
Yesterday , I had the meeting , where we discussed a problem about change of the scale of pensions .
First , we discussed about the development of the web page , because it is running behind the schedule .
Dear Akira , My lover , I would like to discuss with you about my career path .
I discussed with my husband about our future before 2050 yesterday .
Mazer said that he got one issue about PFU , and he will discuss with supplier first to make sure what the problem is and find out the root cause as soon as possible .
I will discuss with you about the invitation more tomorrow .
It is difficult sometimes to understand that the public school should be a professional place even though we have a lot of problems and must discuss about them .
We discussed about our results in the last year , and she told me that they want to increase their purchases from us by 20 % .
The ordinary people discuss about criminal responsibility , to try decrease the number of young people envolved in violence .
I recognize that sometimes they show good discussions about contemporaneous problems , but in my opinion it ' 's a minimal part of the all .
We went to steakhouse restaurant and discussed about our future relationship .
I propose we meet and discuss about my suggestions at our next meeting .
Well next week I 'm going to your house and we can discuss more about this .
However , the tv program that I love is the soccer match and the soccer News , when specialists discuss about soccer .
More than twenty phisician discussed about the HPV vaccine research .
In the last meeting we discussed about region turism .
I suggest that we meet and discuss about my proposal at manager meeting .
One of that sponser was an international recognized company and before they gave some help , money , we needed to date one conference to discuss about the quantity of money and show them a brief of our project .
After the presentation , we discussed about the amount of money from the sponser , first we suggested nearly 20 thousand dollars , they could n't accept that due to the world finance crisis of 2008 , that brought much problems to them .
Actually , specially in the big companies , a lot of time is lost to make meetings and discuss about several things .
I suggest that we have a meet with the better employes to discuss aboute my proposal .
Leaders of the all wolrd must to meet to discuss about OUR future ; how we can decrease this pollution .
Brazilians are fanatics about soccer and you should avoid a discussion unless you praise your host 's team .
Many Professionals of IT going to discuss about the difficulties of the process .
Meeting with TGC Corporation : We discussed the increase of sales in each branch office ; We discuss new ideas for hiring new employees ; The meeting was in a restaurant in Downtown ; The new business partner talked about the profits for next year ; The BP wants to increase sales by 40 % next semester ; The business is growing until now ; I proposed a new meeting soon to talk about future .
During the meeting with Jed , We considered the the following issues as key for follow - up discussions : His design team fells : 1 Understaffed due to team menbers being loaned out to other teams 2 Overworked and underappreciated as they have received no overtime paid for their offerts 3 They are also lacking resources so we need to think about investment I feel very least , we should discuss the possibility of bonuses once this project is complete .
Try don `` t discuss about religion or politics , even your host asks you , especially if you disagree with his opinions .
I do n't understand too much discussing about this title !
Hello , I 'm writing a summary of the matters discussed in a meeting held today at 15 PM : Subject : Audit the Brazilian Aeronautical Commission in Washington DC : * Colonel Camargo presented the areas to be audited * Colonel Araujo reported data about the trip and about hosting .
In the next Monday , there will be a meeting with all managers to discuss about this idea .
For these risks , we have to make a action plan that it will response what we have to do if the risk occurs and the impacts on schedule and costs. % % Now we can discuss about these ideas , who is the first ?
My acquaintance studies faculty so we often discuss on this subject , about life sciences study the differences and similarities .
Dear Sir or Madame , i 'm writing you to discuss about the possibility to request a loan .
i think that the solution is
Yesterday had a discussion about the news drogs against AIDS and i talking whit the dr .
Recently , My wife and I discussed with my financial planner who is my sister about our retire fund .
We discussed the new situation about our china -project .
So we have to discuss about that at our next management meeting and i hope we will find a solution .
Today monday , we have a meeting with our manager we will discuss about our production and how to reduce the cost .
Two friends discuss about a girl .
I get to work by car , check emails , discuss about projects in meetings and have a lunck at 1 o'clock .
but we need discuss about the importance of the sustainability of this things because aur children will live in this world , we need teke care whit the future .
We discuss about our idea to open a new Italian restaurant in Japan .
She loved the idea and she wants to have a meeting with you as soon as possible to discuss about his salary and other stuff .
We discuss about something in the life , training , cinema , economic news like this .
Welcome everybody , I d like to thank you all for coming for our wedding , I m Hala Bride of the groom Ahmad , as you know , this occasion is the wedding day for me and ahmad To begin , I d like to tell you all about the first time I met Ahmad , this happened in the first company that I worked at , and I was working as an executive secretary and he was working an accountant , one day I requested form the financial department many changes in my office in addition I needed more of stationary , so these need a lot of money to do them , after that ahmad called me and refused my requisition , and this matter leaded us to intense debate , so we finished our discussion without solving the problem and I kept silent .
We have arranged a meeting with all sides , families of students and universities management , to discuss this situation and stop the violent , by make a campaign and a program to educate students about the seriousness about of this issue .
the communication between management and employes was very poor and that boos decided that the solution was to have a team meeting with management and employers disconsing about that worked , every mont .
However , I feel that I have to study about business and I want to meet and discuss with someone who has same aim for life .
w e discuss about this proposal on our next meeting .
Hi Mr. Grimm , the meeting was really good , and I think that we can sell our products to the customer ; but first we need to discuss about some points that the customer wants that we agree .
He refused to discuss the problem and refused to give me any comments about our mistakes and faults .
We discussed an interesting book which we had read and the movies which we had watched .
A large group of analysts shared opinions and discussed new theories about the Real experience at the analytical clinic .
While we were discussing about the problems in the Company because of the economic crisis in Europe , we could analyze that in Amrica the economy is growing .
I was lost in the University and Lydie too , so we 've begun to discuss about our way to find , and one hour later we were laughing in front of a cup of coffe , speaking each of our life , family as we 've kown each other for a long time .
But my wife preffer the woods ; we need to discuss more about it .
Next , we will discuss a bit about chinese culture and challenges .
To : Board of Directors From : Leticia Soares Subject : Meeting with Jed Li After my meeting with Jed Li to discuss about his team 's problems , I thought it would be necessary having another appointment , with the Board of Directors , so that we can try to solve together some of the concerns that were pointed out by him : - His team is feeling understaffed and overworked ; - They have a lack of resources ; - They feel under appreciated . We 've talked about these issues and we agree that some measures would be necessary to end this situation .
At the ward where I work , we have a good colegues , we discuss about our patients , dicided which tretment it is better for them .
Howewer , please write , me email or call me , and we discuss about contract with IT company in the next year .
There were lot chemistry researchers discussing about waste treatment applying advanced oxidative process .
We discussed about new supply chain solutions .
Meeting with Museum Of arts ( montreal ) - with Carol , registrar - discussion about the loan of a artwork and how much time or in how long they need to show or send all documents required .
- Frank wants to meet as soon as possible , to discuss about the new project , it 's absolutely vital that he agree .
Meanwhile , a lot of meetings are held to discuss about strategies , reviewing the plan ... . etc
We started the discussion about the collective agreement for 2013 .
We discussed about profits and some strategies to pick up new customers to next year .
The meeting was about discussing the potential of our hr product .
So , we need to discuss with teens of such animations .
In my work , sometimes we discuss about the office culture that we have to follow .
I 've discussed about how the contract is moving forward to reach the common goals .
I 'm very optimistic about the fute , when I think about the future , I imagine a better situation everywhere , all the countries have a better economy and life quality , the globalization will make a world unification , the leaders of the world will make meetings for discuss the world situation and all the people have a lot of food to be nourished , all the people can get their goals .
We mainly discussed on two points : The strategy about the launch of a new model of sunglasses on the market and the policy about the human resource .
Now we have an important discussion in France about courses in english .
In my opinion , the discussion about policy , custom and social problems is very superficial .
But in Switzerland are a lot of discussions about installing the wind masts .
The police told she had called the police and said that she did not want to do this , but they argued about her plans to launch a lunch delivery business and during this discussion all of their fomer problems as a couple rised up .
CSR is undoubtedly a controversial to discuss about .
When we have time - off at week - end we will meet at a bar near my house to drink and discuss about everythings .
Maybe I suggest that we can discuss and at the next meeting .
They discussed about taxes in new year .
Recently , I attend a meeting that was talking about the salegrowth and the prediction .
Before I waste a lot of time traveling and couldn ' ' t do simple documents or presentations , it was difficult to discuss with colleagues about some problems but now we can do conferences by phone even facetime .
Soon people will speak not only about teleconferencing technology , differen unusual medical scanner , etc . , they will discuss nanorobots that can do anything : to deliver drugs in time , to create visual technology , to help people to realize their ideas .
Its some points we have discuss together , but nothing to matter about .
I suggest that we discuss about this proposal .
We have to talk about more details face to face .
I '' m really optimistic about the future because I believe that this discussion is much more related with our mental state at an especific time than a especific social or environmental problem at a given time .
The event was about continuous improvement of products and processes , where several scientists and researchers discussed the best way to achieve this improvement .
If you would need futher help , I propose that you call me to arrange an appointement so that we can discuss in details about the situation you are going through .
To give better job condition and increase our production and revenue I propose that we discuss about pros and con of possibilities mentioned below .
Brazilian politicians have been discussed a lot about education improvement and ways to become reference in this matter .
I discuss with my client about several situations .
I have finished the school and the University many years ago , so I can discuss about the education in my country just being a bystander .
Through discussing about team players ' thoughts together , every one felt like being respected .
Yesterday we had a meeting with the board and we discussed about the financial trouble .
We 've discussed a lot about the past year and the news are very positive .
Please , write soon your opinion about this great news , I want to discuss this news !
Dear Athen Huang , I went to a networking event last night in golden grand hotel . The main purpose of this networking is to discuss the trend of the cloths . Many designers provided their opinions about modern cloth style .
During the meeting others engineers also discussed about the changes and we all agreed that the it are necessary .
We had a meeting here in the village to discuss about the problems that we have faced since the new neighbors arrived .
We also discussed about the price of the rent garage , that in my opinion , was too expensive .
We discussed about the loud noise that children make in the common area , and how it was affecting everyone , and now we stipulate a certain time to kids to play outside .
Firstly , we checked the satus of the entire project and then discussed about the next steps .
The last lecture that I was present at , the start the speaker greeted the audience , introduced herself and made a short and quick report about the issue subject ( theme ) that would be treated .
All companies around the world used to discuss about business with several kind of countries in minutes , besides it is possible to save money and time with all employees .
I used to discus a lot about music with my friends to discover new hits .
20 executives share new and interesting ideas about the subject under discussion there ; 2 .
Then , there was meeting for discuss about the happened .
Josh 's voice is soft although the subject discuss about polemic theme .
I 'm all for discussing about what have you been learned in your course or degree .
Hopefully JMG Safety CO rethought about our offer , they preliminary price was $ 10 per each piece , it was out of plans , our offer was $ 8.50 per piece which caused the big discussion .
We need to disscuss about how to be effective for generating energy across the nationwide .
We need to discuss about how to be better cmmercials than now .
We talk about each other and discuss about different culture .
Also , find a new location for the company might be important and we should discuss about in the next meeting .
We discuss about some problems and approve the building project reform .
We have to discuss about this proposition during a meeting .
As you know last monday I was in Amburgo for visited our dear costumer , for discuss about the problem of our last supplies .
When the discuss about divorce , he killed his wift emotionally .
They met the vendor to discuss about their order .
To : the board of directors RE : Emergency meeting Following my meeting with Jed , I would like to have a emergency meeting with you and Jed to discuss some issues as listed bellow : - The team ' feelings are understaffed and overworked - They have lack of resources - They feel underappreciated It is very important to think about something in order to solve this situation like give them some incentives , re - motivate the team , offer overtime and bonuses , recruit to the team .
Dear all , I decided to write in order to discuss about some ideas to improve our teamwork .
Follow some examples : - we could have once a week a meeting to discuss about strategies with the team and asked them to carry out SWOT analysis regarding the project that we are working on .
They are also lacking resources so we need to think about investment We should discuss the possibility of bonuses once this project is complete .
I want to do a meeting with the staff for discuss about my proposal .
I think the all leaders need do talk more , and discuss about the estrategic fo improve the world .
I am currently studying in this field of Human Science and intend to graduate in the Winter of 2014 , as soon as I finish my last research that discuss about Cyberwar in the State foreign policy .
I still do n't know what path will be chosen , but I am more in the Masters side , once that I 'd be able to get further into the Cyberwar discussion and write my own article about this .
I leaned many thing from him about our Job and had discussion many times .
For example , Last year many countries came to Brazil to discuss about the enviroment , pollution , hot temperature global and other .
I share my cards with some of them to talk later about some projects that we can discuss and made together .
Four years ago we discussing about my choices and I know that you had be angry , But I 'm living so far and the life is hard here .
We must meet to discuss about that as soon as possible .
In the meeting we had discussed about the project portfolio .
In Brazil many people are discussing about the reduction of crimminal responsability for minor , because of almost frequent serious infractions committed by minors .
So , I want to ask for a meeting to discuss more about the loan .
The meeting with discussed about change in project .
I will discuss with boss and talk about my proposal at our next meeting .
The purpose of the meeting was the discussion about our new project .
Nearly every hour on every channel people can watch shows about people who are discussing about nonesense or people who are going to get to know to each other .
after a lot of problems into the team , the boss solved the problem with meetings all week for discussing about the relationship problems .
What these laws contemplate is that any people in the U.S. , and many countries share these laws , have the right to discuss , speak , talk , and so forth about any topic ; however , defamation is a crime .
At this meeting , the people was involved discussed about hiring a new COO , and how mess was the other company .
So , I will invite the manager from IT to discuss the issues about securties access .
Today in a meeting happened this situations below : - Discuss the deadline ; - Create new controls to evaluate the details ; - Replacement of employee - Backup about old computer - Do action plan - Check all the issues - Create new reports - Give more support for the team All this points was discussed a lot and we have positives conclusion .
Yesterday , my husband and I consulted a financial planner about our future .
Dear Mr. Kitahara We discussed a lot about a new ad campain for century and finally reached an agreerment .
When I visited him last year , we disscussed a lot about the similarities and differences between Japanese and American high schools .
They are also lacking of resources and we need to think about the strategy for investment I feel like we should discuss the possibility of the special bonus when this project is complete .
Also , We promised to each other to meet in New York on next month and discuss some details about our future opportunities .
I would like to discuss about smoking laws in my country .
I discussed the pros and cons with him , and I was worried about the new tape quality .
And , I discuss the idea of a lot about the business .
The meeting had finished with a lot of discussions about the deal .
Dear Mr McDonald , I 'm writing with regarding our discussion about the payment for overtime .
They had discussed about new technologies and future programs .
So , I have consulted about that problem with my superior .
I discussed with other cpmpany 's engineer about some problems of current products there .
I promise that she will never speak out of turn again , since we have a long discuss this morning about her offensive behaviors .
At the last meeting of our company , we discussed about ways to improve the communication between our employees and the managers .
Hi , I 'm writing to summarize our sales meeting : Adam , Chris and Taylor were at the meeting and we discussed about some items : 1 - Adam questioned how many costumers we have ; 2 - Taylor said that we have 50 new costumers ; 3 - Chris questioned what are doing to increase sales ; 4 - Taylor said that we should pay more to salespeople with big sales .
But , we can discuss the pros and cons about this .
I 'm not writing down a list of complete thoughts about management but I 'm trying only to toss around some clues and suggestions that , I hope , may help us to bring up the discussion about our management problems .
Last Friday , we had a meeting with the management team to discuss about that issues and to figure out a solution .
To : xxx @ mail.ru ; xxx @ com ; xxx @ com From : xxx @ mail.ru Subject : Summary of sales meeting Dear team , Here is a summary of our meeting : 1 ) We discussed about how to improve sales results .
We discussed about the company situation and we conclude that she have to increase her purchases in 20 % .
People will discuss more about education , health , and sustentable environment .
summary of SALES MEETING : I am writing summarize to sales meeting people at meeting : Adam , Chris , Taylor they discuss about new customs and increasing sales .
After discussed about all the schedule we noticed that some dates was wrong , and now we have more 1 month to finished the project .
Thereafter , we both discussed about our life , challenges and the role that we both have to play .
We 'll discuss about some problems in our city and find solution for that problems be resolved .
I discussed about school education system and elite athlete career with participant.I heard some great idea , and I made useful networking .
There is a huge discussion about a new law in Germany that people under 16 years are not allowed to buy alcohol .
A discussion about corporate social responsibility is always a decisive issue .
We disscussed about the cooperation about the next step .
I guess the event was fantastic and beside of discuss about advanced technologies for computers , I had fun there .
There were a lot of executives discussing about the sugarcane price , but I didn '' t make contacts .
I believe that this afternoon I call you again to say about what I can deal with the new company .
Now I can read articles , forums of discussion , watch videos from schools , medias and even personal / individual videos or instructions about how you can do almost anything .
These people met to share their impressions about the works of `` The Planets `` , to discuss the latest music news and also to acquaint the visitors with their own music .
2 ) Deadline about all activity , principally , late activity ; .
After my explanations , he decided to think about it to make a decision about continuing using our firm for delivering. % % As a way to iron out the situation , I invited him for dinner to discuss more about it .
Hi Bill , I had a meeting with my team this morning to discuss new ideas about the person to be used in the promotion of peanut butter , so I 'm sending to you the conclusions we made .
Obviously , we are thinking about a star from one of the most important soap opera here to guarantee that this person is in the public eye and everyone is following him /her career , so we have three potential candidates. % % Please let me know what you reckon of this idea and if we can meet this week to discuss this matter .
I 'm writing you an e - mail to discuss about my dreams , to have your opinion .
We were talking about their business plan and we discuss about in collaboration with other business .
I suggest that we discuss about my proposal soon .
20 August 2013 MEETING SUMMARY Participants : VPG , LUC , MTM , MDA Discussions and decisions : In the meeting we discussed about doing a aproximation plan with the Investment Commitee , to show them our evolution in developing our `` Environmental & Social Management Risks `` .
When the meeting was started , the manager said that we need to avoid wasting production materials , so we discussed about this issue .
Another topic that we discussed about was investigating all the materials received from the provider before sending it to the warehouse .
This Saturday morning , I attended a lecture , that was discussing about ' technology is convenient ' .
I can not encourage you enough to vote for me , but I can always share my personal time for every single one of you , and discuss about your school problems and issues , which you want to change in the future .
Firstly , we discussed about financial problems .
In my country there are many troubles to me , in tv every day has many sexy scenes and discutions about nothing inteligent .
I like to propose that we discuss more about this in the next meet .
She was always enthusiastic about discussing various subjects pertaining to foreign cultures and voicing her opinions about current events .
The text brings the discussion about changing jobs to get a more gratifying career path .
Everyone discussed and shared ideas about how to produce quality products and export to the world market .
To : The Board of Directors Objective : workplace environment and climate Following my speaking with the President , I would like to take the opportunity for explain to all members of the board , about the actual situation of company workplace and internal environment .
CEO and the company board discussed about the appropriateness of merging the competitor to protect and expand their market share .
We discuss about what we should do for increase the productivity .
We can discuss the pros an cons about this change .
The Friday night , will be meeting with some people about Eid alfter celebrate and they will discuss what time will start and about how many people going to come
I think GQR Suppliers was excited about our ideas to reduce plastics parts on tubes , he 'll propably call me next week to discuss this theme a little bit .
I think we can spend lot of hours discussing about this issue .
I know you will have many concerns about that , but in our next meeting I '' ll give you all the details and we can discuss about that .
Besides she asked all participants of this meeting keep silence about what was discussed .
sometimes my friends come to my house to discussion about some books .
I often discuss him about reading .
the propouse of the meeting is discuss about cut expenses .
There are plenty of documentaries talking about how many companies are in fact doing very badly towards the public and the environment. % % I would say that CSR is something new and everyday being more and more discussed just because we realized how critical is our time because of the misbehavior of our favorite companies .
Our world leaders have a lot yet to discuss about how to make the world a cleaner place to live .
Can we have a meting tomorrow morning so we can discuss more about this ?
To discuss about the future is very interestic .
I propose that we 'll discuss about that next Monday morning .
Every time I prepare a new class I need to improve the material and think about new topics to discussions .
Dear Paul , I these days , I thought a lot about our last discussion .
It 's easy to me , that know him for a while , understand what kind of jokes he likes , the manner of talk about serious issues , and know the best time to to discuss anything .
We discussed about current situations of the company and everything associated with possible quick solutions .
DIFFERING OPINIONS ABOUT ROBOTS Our magazine interviewed three specialists about robots , in order to discuss differents points of view of this so importante subject .
Last week , I participated in a meeting to discuss about a plan for our project ( in a M & A project ) .
Finally , we have to access the Target 's auditors for discussion about the preliminaries issues .
There was about 50 companies discussing web sales problems .
Although a lot of women loves soccer , it still is a men `` stuff `` and when women try to discuss with men about it , they never are taken seriously .
Hi Mike , Here is the topics that were discussed on the last meeting about making more investments in Business Intelligence Technology .
Finally , the CEO decided that they should discuss about these ideas and schedule another meeting next Friday .
Hello everyone , We are here today to discuss about the CFO resigned .
Talking about gender differences is always interesting and , despite the fact that I do n't know much statistics about this topic , I would love to discuss about it .
I have discussed with all function heads about it last week .
we also discussed about the increment of the business , as a result , our relationship is growing too .
The last time I went to the cinema was the last month and that 's because I was too busy , but i went with all my friends , we were twenty five and we discussed about what kind of movie we were going to see and finally we decided to watch a 3D function , the problem is that the tickets are too expensive and we hope they can give us a discount .
However , I promise she will learn how to react in your country and what are the correct subjects to talk about in a discussion .
The people in the university still discussed about this topic , if it 's useful .
Before this agreement was approved , there were a lot of discussion about it .
You should know the matter that will talk about at meetting and get knowledge about it .
We had the chance to discuss about how can we prevent some possible future problems fou our companies .
Dears , We had a meeting about the sales and I like to explain what was talked in this meeting and what the action plan was discussed .
In Germany , we have an ongoing discussion about embryonic stem cell research .
I suggest that we meet and discuss about my proposal at our next meeting .
The meeting members were descussed about the agenda items and problems sulotions .
I met with chief exceutive of J & J and discussed about the problems caused by the delay .
He said that he want to discussed about the school project .
Dear Giovanna , It is a long time that we do n't speak about our dreams and project for the future ... . Maybe there are better times to discuss about the future ... . Belonging to this ... . There are two months that I 'm unemployed ...
Others , you have to be very polite and discuss more about deadlines .
After that , we discuss about a point that we have to be careful .
This important event was to discuss about `` How to build safetly `` .
XIW accepts the offer and after that they discuss about the next step , the payment and the service plan .
This is great ideas to meet and discuss about this .
I think that when we talk about Corporate Social Responsability it is a difficult top to discuss .
The CEO considered that this decision should be retarded and he proposed to schedule a new meeting to discuss about financial resources to accept this offer .
We worry about that , and after a big discussion , our CEO has been a great idea .
The HR manager and I discussed about the new products and the necessity of training the group to it .
As far as the visual , like charts and figures , I think that was very good , so I had no problem to discuss about the results that I had been found .
More than one thousand people discussing about Climate Variability , yesterday , in a Center of Climate in Rio de Janeiro .
We had a very interesting meeting where we discuss diferent points about the new update of the company .
Hope we can discuss about this project soon .
Hope we can discuss about this project soon .
I said that we discuss about it after the meeting .
There were 100 of bank CEO and government officer at Imperial hotel discussed about future banking system .
Brf Merger : Last Friday occured a final meeting in Sadias ' 's office in Curitiba/PR were it was decided for the merger of the two companies ( Sadia+Perdigo ) . The propose of agenda was to disscus about the new global CEO , participation of shareholders in company , financial reports , new structure and the new headquarters of the company .
Dear Sirs , I would like to schedule , as soon as possible , a special meeting with the board of directors for discussion of some issues that have been brought to my knowledge during a meeting held on internally with Jed Li , leader of design team , about complaints coming from his team .
afterwards began to be spread over many cities and states of Brazil Even before of its issuance , it has been very controversial , creating a lot of discussion about it .
we need : Offer some incentives , to motivate his team -to offecer overtime an bonuses - recruite the team Addres issues now- before situation deteriore more : 1 His design understaffed due to team menbers being loaned aut to other teams 2 overworked and underappreciated as they have recived no overtime for their efforts , 3 They also lacking resorces so we need think about investment I feel , at the very least , we should discuss the possibility of bonues once thes project is complete .
I'a really excited about the position we discussed , and I'am sure my business and machine operation skills can contribute to the company .
To the next meet , we asked to the presenter , a smaller presentation , using less slides and less time , and that way , will remain more time to discuss about everything and not focus only in the presentation .
I suggest taht we discuss about a moving next meeting on friday .
I 'm not crazy about it , because all of them discuss day by day issues , with a lot of drama and it 's pretty boring .
i 'm writing to summarize our budget meeting from monday Summary of issues discussed at the meeting by staff : 1 ) - James asked about our latest budget .
We discussed how to cope with such kind of occasion and about child care leave system .
We will meet and discuss about my proposal next Monday .
In our meeting we discussed about three topics .
So they organised a meeting with a vendor of this kind of computers to discuss about the general conditions .
Meeting with IES Good morning boss , I want to tell you all details about the meeting I held yesterday with the CEO of IES : foremost we agreed they are going to increase the purchase of our products in 20 % but We should give a discount to them , I told John I needed to discuss with you the percentage .
We disscused about operational problems and what solutions should we applay to resolve them .
we sometimes discuss about comun problems , but at the end we agreed .
Now she 's upset , because all of the discussions that they had one day , and proposed him to go for a walk and talk about their relationship .
I met with Mr. Omar the head manager of STC , and talked about the deal , there was several point that we discussed , but the major thing that they will reward our company 5 % of the deal per every weak late .
The discussion of gender rights today is not relevant , but if tell about roles generally there is nothing have changed .
We are going to discuss about this subject in our next meeting on 19th , April .
-Mr . Josmar De Moro wants to arrange a conference call to discuss about the changes of the current equiment .
Be carefull when you talk about soccer , if the discussion starts to become hard , please stop the discussion .
At first , item on the agenda was discussing about news about one of the companies : the CEO and the CFO have resigned .
After the movie the audience had to discuss about it .
Some parents asked questions about the school and the changes but he did n't answered them - he showed a second movie and started another discussion .
We met IXW last week to discuss about the preliminary offer concerned 100 LW10 laptops and 50 iphone 's .
There are too reality shows with false problems , we fight against real and more important problems in everyday life and at work and I think is so stupid listen people that duscuss about nothing !
We had a friend in common and we just started to discuss about the collor of his eyes , when he came in .
Hi Ladies , Today the principals met to discused about the new programs .
Once i was with my boss to discuss about my salary .
The first reason of this meeting was about selling telephones and cars on the bank .
Dear Manager , We have discussed about tthe Ads for peanut butter , and finally , our team suggest to use a soup star .
Some of my friends were not satisfied about their tasks and they discussed it with our COO and the agree on his opinion .
We discuss our purchase with vendor and negotiate about a price 800 $ per unit .
Also , we need to discuss our standard plan , because I do n't know about paying system and delivery .
All people were in panic and when earthquake finished we had many discussions about it .
We had very hot discussion about each items of this programm .
They discuss about animal life on the planet , about the culture of different countries , on how different countries prepare their food , seasoning , and cooking mode .
Firstly , she welcomed us and introduced herself , then she started to give us the presentations points , she said : I would like to begin by talking about our incomes and expenses , then Ill illustrate our product evaluation , finally Ill discuss future plans to enhance our marketing .
Our last meeting was very important for the future of the company because we discussed about new contracts with importants customers .
There is a big discussion about it , everyone has their point of view and they advocate his ideas .
I wish to give a short review about content of discussions .
We dicussed the main two quations about price and duration of contract three days .
All in all the presentation was interesting and we will discuss about the topic in several teams .
I would like to write about a building , which is controversial and often been discussed in the newspaper .
I should admit that the possible merger with the ITQ is n't a simple subject to discuss for our CO 's , so we should schedule another meeting when you arrive and finally make decisions about company 's next steps .
At the first day , we discussed cases about cardiac surgery , the criterion , technique and nursing .
At the last day , we had discussed many cases about PCI .
When I get the options , we will discuss about them .
Our people are concerned about that and there is a huge discussion .
We can discuss about in the next meeting .
In our last meeting here in Recife we discussed about lates .
At my last squad ' 's meeting , our commander discussed about us going to Aviator ' 's Party .
People also needs to discuss about internal and external threats once a week , just to sync up with news about the market .
this will be an opportunity to discuss about our friends .
To discuss about private problems like age , salary , surface etc in a public occasion .
Some years ago we had a great discussion about guns .
Next Wednesday , there is going to be a discussion about politic problems .
Sally said she wants to meet us soon to discuss about future opportunities .
We 've discussed about 2 items on agenda .
I think people will use more technology for to do something , for exemplo : Robots will use to clean houses , telemedicine use for to discuss about health problems with the doctor , medical devices to study about pregnancy and health problems from baby .
After this , we discuessed the roblems about informing us well .
- Communication problems : Everyone agreed that we need seat and discuss about our communication to solve this problem together .
There are a lot of discussions about this subject .
Then we were always discussing topics about classes , mainly in law .
To solve this problems , every year , we make one conference with all the team to make importants decisions and discuss about solutions .
Thus , we 've now to start a discussion about how to use these new technologies and , more important , how to insert it on poor countries .
In the last meeting was treated about the possible merger that was proposed one of ours bigger competitors .
Nowadays , in a time of crises in many EU countries , specialists have started a discussion about the way that the EU works and what changes they can made to fix their problems , e.g .
Let 's discuss this over dinner on Monday , and I sure you will find this by far the best work opportunity you have ever heard about .
We plan to mail the materials to you on March 15th ; alternatively , you could visit our headquarters before the date scheduled to inspect and discuss about the only part in which is missing to finish it .
We discussed about the project and new ways to building the ecological city .
We had a lof ot discussion about using water and how should we manage the water in Turkey .
So , we have to be very attentive to what children see and we have to discuss with them about it .
A lot of studies have been discussed about leadership .
Moreover , the VP said that they want to meet us soon to discuss about future opportunities .
He invited me to have a delicious espresso coffee , we discussed about my investigation project for my speciality .
Dear / my manger , I have meet with steel structure company to discuss about our project .
We will schedule another meeting to talk about future and discuss discounts possibilities , so I think we need to update our spreadsheet prices as soon as possible .
At the end of the meeting we all agreed to budget a heavy marketing program , and discuss about it in another meeting .
We can make a weekly meeting to discuss about this proposal .
The purpose of this meeting is to discuss about company problems .
Moreover , I have also created a discussion group about politics that currenlty has 150 people .
There were few items on agenda : First of all , they discussed the sunset news and certainly about the Sunset CEO resignation .
Petty crimes for example , are those about we already discusse with social works or paying a summ of money .
Most of us are n't know each other , but everyone is friendly and easy going , we shared funny stories from the travel , discussed about traditions of many countries .
Today , when I waked up , my mother came to me to say about a discussing and now I 'm so much ashamed because I did n't remember this and to need apologies with him .
There were about two hundred dentists studing and discussing about our products .
There were some discussions about that proposals of the CEO .
We discussed approximitly 30 minutes about our plans .
A important competitor has offered us a great proposal to buy our company so we were discussing about that .
Then , she presented a general update , told about deadlines , problems and possible solutions , and discussed about a plan of action .
It 's the largest event of the mining sector of the world that last for a week to discuss about a various kinds of themes of the sector .
The COO disagreed that they should n't move too quickly , and he propose they should schedule another meeting with the Stars Company CEO , next monday to discuss another points about the proposal , but the CFO insisted that is better to wait the result , to avoid creating false expectations in the company .
To : xxx @ abc.com ; xxx @ abc.com From : xxx @ abc.com Subject : Customers Complaints Summary Dear team , I wrote down a summary of our Customer Complaints meeting : - Carol said that we have 10 customers complaints on month ; -Peter asked to Carol how we could decrease the problem with clients ; -Carol and Peter discussed about an action to resolve the problem .
I am writing to you about the last there discussed subjects interests to you .
We started discussing about the budget for the next year and some news ideas .
The boy , Kareen Granton , got away from his house in East New York , Brooklyn , on Wednesday after a discussion with his mother about his chore .
The Angle Fundation will invite orphans and abused children , so we can buy some pratical stuff for them as gift , you can think about it and we will discuss it .
we also discussed about price .
Never get involved in critical and disgusting discussions about other colleagues .
But let us discuss my proposal on the next meeting , I am very exciting what you think about .
we proposed a lower price and he took some days to think about it and discuss with his family about our offer .
The purpose of this note is the discussion about the layoffs of staff .
After a long dicussion , they decided that about 20 employeers will be dismissed .
And for finish , we will be able to discuss about the news , concerns , ideas or suggestions that we want to share .
-We discussed about the next generation of raw material that SHX company will provide to us .
Gender equality still is a reason do discuss about , mainly in Brazil .
Engineers discussing various ideas about new methods of construction and how to decrease the cost and time of execution of works .
It supposes we 're interested in an article published in any media , then with social networks I can discuss with some other people around the world about ideas expressed in the text .
To : Melissa Adams ; Mark James ; John Malko From : Nana Corporation Subject : Summary of cientific meeting Dear partners , This e - mail summarize our discussions about the new research : How much time we still have to make preliminary conclusions .
Last week I attended a meeting where we discussed about a development of a new package to attend company expansion overseas .
Two days ago we had a meeting , we discussed about the problem and at the end the competitor has accept our proposal .
Another important thing , do n't you ever argue about football , it starts a long and tedious discussion between men around here and they can be offended with your opinion .
We discussed about the last year and we concluded as it was very positive , so she decided to increase purchases from us by 20 % .
After some time , I find the good person with who I discussed about the good condition of mobile phone .
On the agenda they have to discuss about 5 items .
They started discussing about it until the COO raised his hand and proposed we get the results from the last 3 years , saying it was enough and we should not discuss about such small problem when we had a huge financial problem to resolve .
After a discussion on parking spot , a boy with 21 years old , murder whith a shot at close range .
The meeting moved forward to a discussion about the trainnings we had to schedule and people we had to hire to made it happen .
Nowadays the discussion about gender differences is lower than in the past .
Nowadays there is a new discusion about the possibility for woman to work .
in the morning i had met with CEO and we decuse about our promblem in breakdown in the network and give hem shortly breif in our solution which make troubleshooting and provdie hem the lateast situation , and by the end of meeting he give me some recommendation for avoide the mistaske in later .
if you call to German and ask about the discount , we can discuss with our customer again tomorrow .
When I come back I '' ll give you more details and we could discuss about the future projects .
But there is some concerns about future , the environmental situation is the principal topic that must be discussed .
Second , the clients organise a meeting to discuss about the prices and to ask me to be more flexible .
Were present : Raphal , John , Jack , Harriet We discussed about the next website 's improvements and more specifically about the new design of the client 's interface .
After a short discussion , about the future the not very compelling prasention finished .
There was a discussion two years ago about a law to regulate public electronic documents .
Dear , Mr. James , I am writting because yesterday I had a meeting with the managers of our team to discuss about the performance evaluation and how we will do to cut expenses .
My country is not specifically known by the good maners , here in Brazil almost everything are allowed but if you do n't want to get into a discussion nor even think talking about football .
Even with a lot of discussion about the issue , everybody had agreed and undertook to fulfill all that was said .
We was discusing about the pros and cons of closing it , as well as other posible alternatives such as selling or acquiring other stronger competitor in order to get comercial synergies .
There are more people working in order to teach our children about enviroment 's troubles and discussing with them how we 'll can do a better wourld inthe future .
I am intersted about the new products from GE healthcare and I will disscuse it with you after I come back .
But you have to promise not to talk to each other about this secret Yesterday , i heard of a friend that michael and christina are going to marry next year .
Antony said for schedule another meeting for the 25th to better discuss this issue with you and talk about future opportunities .
We 've dicussed about a replacement .
The second purpose of the meeting was to discuss about the possible merger with Lazy - Man - Industries .
I would like to schedule a meeting with you for discuss about this .
- d etailed discussion about it , finding of solutions .
Finally , the lawyer wants to schedulle a meeting with you and others directors to tell them about this process with more details and discuss his payments .
Hi boss , In the last meeting we discussed about the nacional sales with our CEO .
I hope that the company could have a meeting with staff and manger discuss about this problem .
yu said that there are two -three things need to discuss about CIQ audit .
They discuss ideals about how to improver the coustomer service .
To : the Board of Directos Re : emergency meeting of the board for : Friday , 16 July I am writing to you all to state you about Jed 's case regarding the overwork .
You all know how this evening ended : they were sitting at the same table , discussing different things of life and felt in love very quickly .
Consequently there were discussed about the decision by board of directors , firstly concerned to the integration with partners , and secondly they had been canceled the replacement between companies .
The leaders of the world are looking and discussing more about the pollution and air quality .
His team is understaffed , they have a lack of resources - Therefore , the team is overworked and underpaid - they are working overtime - it seems that how hard they work is underestimating , They feel underappreciated despite their efforts We propose the following solutions to remotivate this team - Find more resources to compensate for the extra work - Give bonus and overtime pay for long working hours Its the reason why I call you for an emergency meeting with board and discusse about this issues now before the situation deteriorates more Best regards
I really dislike this talks , because I think it is disgusting discuss the people in their absence .
During the meeting , we 've been discussing about he problems of the company .
You know , they have been discussing for months and now mommy is tired about that .
Hi , Mr . I recently met with our new client and we discussed some very important questions about the selling .
She is sick and when his husband died , the suns and daughters go to her home and there are a lot of discussion about family relationships .
I suggest that the manager show this solution about new address with the team in next meeting .
Do you mind to schedule with me a meeting on Monday to discuss about and study how to make head way ?
The discussion about merging two of the company 's managing had the majority approval .
Another item of discussion was about the staff - with the changes , mainly because of the merger , some employees will be with much less activities .
After discussing about the new market share , we proposed some changes we considered important to make the merger a success .
I need to get in contact with someone older than 10 years whereby I can talk about my problems at work or confront on how to raise children .
The president started talking that crisis are affecting o lot of companies around de world ; specialy in our country , but the purpose of this meeting ins't discuss about crisis .
Finally , we should discuss all these suggestions and talk about an action plan .
To - Timelineprojekt From - Michael Holzbauer Date - 2.2.95 Subject - Meeting Results As you were not present at the last meeting we had on 5.2.95 about our projekt , I just wanted to update you with the discussions & conclusions of this meeting .
- It worked about the expansion of our business For instance The issue of credit line extension to our new partners was discussed in detail .
Another important fact to discuss about technology , is the acess the people the new products with modern technology .
The two items on our agenda ( preparing and conduct of the project ) we discussed and find solution to each of them ; as discussed Tom will take care of preparing all of the information about the problem of clean water in Albania and Jessica will provide as with information about the existing organization locally .
Sally is interested to with us in a near future , Ill book something between us so we can extend our relationship and discuss about the plans for the next fiscal year .
The proposal of the meeting was to discuss some disagreements about a selective process to admit students into the PhD program .
The last item discussed has been the hiring freeze decided by the CEO for the next two months , waiting to conclude the acquisition of `` EH_Kids `` ; about that , both the CFO and COO did n't agree with this decision , suggesting instead to try to increase the employees number in order to obtain a big advantage by this operation .
We discussed important subjects for our company and about the future of our market .
There are similarities too , and it 's interessting to have a discussion with friends from different places in the world . , about university life in their country , compared to Germany .
we discussed about sales figure .
We scheduled another meeting next month to discuss about monthly sales .
Why discuss about gender is not an actual issue in Brasil ?
We discussed about our services and the conclusion of the report .
After she did the general update and discussed about a theoretical foundation .
We also spent a lot of times to discuss about our teaching experience .
I used to talk with my colleagues about how 's slow our computers .
So I suggest we discuss about my proposal in next our meeting .
I think that many of developing countries must have more frequently meetings with other countries to discuss about the pollution .
We had a lot of interesting discussions about energy in future .
Let 's think about it and have a new discussion in the next meeting .
We discussed about new products and improve your process in order to better quality and performance .
There are many discussions about air quality and enviroment .
I wish we can meet more , talk about our happy memories in our old job , and discuss our hopes and future plans .
We also discuss about the issues involved at the merger .
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss about the merge with Clementia S / A .
The meeting went very well and we discussed about many issues of our business .
First , it would be interesting to discuss about which parameters are definitely interesting for defining success .
Definetely , CSR is a relevant issue for discussing about .
I will be delighted hearing from you as soon as possible , review and discuss opinions about the project as well .
They discussed about the next steps to conclude the merger of the two companies .
The first item discussed at the meeting was the news about Sunset .
I know the credibility of your company and I 'm respect the work you having doing and also your position in the market , so , I 'm looking for a project manager position and I 'll really apreciate if we have a time to discuss about my experience .
Write about personal finances is very difficult because money is a tabu issue , but maybe , if people begin to discuss it more , some solutions would came up , as how to stop paying a lot of interest to the banks ( if you don '' t have money enough to pay your monthly bills ) or how to get more money making better decisions about investments and funds .
Me and my secretary met to discuss about the quantities .
We discuss about the models too .
At the end , the CEO scheduled a new meeting for we discussed about partnerships with our principal supplier .
I suggest that in our next meeting we will have the list of buildings and discuss about my proposal .
Good morning Mr. Brown , Last monday , I had one meeting with our main supplier to discuss about your constant delay .
After that we discussed about a launching of new products .
At the meeting I attended we have discussed about the commercial proposal we received by our subcontractor .
Economic Disruption and Gender Anxiety MALE FEMALE Traditional Identity Breadwinner Caregiver Roles Income Income Earner Mother , Wife Reaction Stress , humiliation , Stress , conflict , anger , alcohol , drugs , hopelessness Adaptation Collapse , defeat Take action , risky low income , low status jobs , & family care , depression Consequences collapse Shaky new confidence family break - up family break - up Interventions Employment creation Protection , organization , employment Dialogues Male - Female Identity Male - Female Identity There is a discusses some key that are useful for understanding on traditional gender norms , gender identity , and traditional divisions of labor .
They disscused sevsral issues about translatiing evidences into pratical working .
I suggested to my pairs that we would have a discussion before the meeting with our plans , to be prepared to the meeting with the CEO .
Dear Mrs. Peterson , I am writing to enquire about the meeting that it was discussing about the problems faced by company this semester The meeting pointed out the company tha t issues need to be discussed like : - increasing tefef'nico officials in attendance - decreased spending on goods delivery - customer loyalty - technical training functionary in attendance Despite of the problmas the company submited several positives points like : - growth in sales - product acceptance - satisfied employee After the meeting , I will go to prepare a report specifyng solutions about the issues .
The CEO proposed to schedule another meeting to discuss about the staff and review positions .
We need to schedule a meeting to discuss about the next project .
The third item to discuss was about our new computers because we need a better equipment for better working .
Yet if it gets too boring they will start amazing exercises in the field of office politics : Chatting with their colleagues about the latest weekend activities , discussing the latest football games and even more effective , trying to get in contact with their bosses to convince them of their outstanding competence and overwhelming successes .
In Brazil , we have a heated discussion about public and private education .
In this meeting they have discussed about the budget for the next year .
So , to live better , choose first just one to think about , discuss it with a friend , and do your best to kill it .
They discussed about new ways to improve our sales , especially in small towns like most of ours .
We discussed about new profect : it 's sell the marchandise online .
In the last meeting we discuss about the environment that we have been working .
We are a software company who creates solutions customized to specific markets , as logistics and human resources ; and the discussions about fuel consumption and the effects of technology in the ways that companies and employees will relate themselves , are usually debated by our engineers and developers .
At the moment there are many discussion about renewable energy , which becomes more important .
Some programs shows just woman with biquinis and talk about gossip .
It 's a liking and we do n't discuss about this , right ?
The main purpose of this meeting was discuss the latest claims from the customer about the project .
Me , the chief opperating officer , and the chief project officer , were meeting and we disscused about how to organize a good work schedule , what functions should it has every member of the teamwork and also we defined the differents goals of each day .
The meeting was started with a discussion about the budget for integrating the two companies .
We can discuss about this proposals at our next meeting .
The movie which discusses about the viking mythology , portrays a fight between Thor ( God of Thunder ) and the dark elves .
In this case it will be to discuss about the new departments and organasation chart , so we have to work hard to give more importance to our department .
Yesterday we had a meeting with an important client and we discussed about a new job .
The discussion about law is quite complex because it involves a number of variables that can become arguments of the parties involved .
Everyone discussed about the ploblem and it was decided that the group organization would be chaned , and the leader of SCM would be changed also .
To : xxx @ gmail.com.br ; xxx @ uol.com.br ; xxx @ uol.com.br From : xxx @ uol.com.br Subject : Sumarry of mangoes harvest meeting Dear team , Today , we 'll discuss in our meeting about the mangoes harvest that will begin in next month .
The first point of discussion in the meeting was about the overhead in nickel , cooper , niobium and phosphate units .
The two colleges have many of the similarities and differences that we will discuss about it .
he theme of the meeting was to do more for less at the last meeting with the board directors , were discussed about cut of de costs all of the departament of the company .
Diana show us her charts about dead time on production and we discussed about that .
To conclude , The CEO asked to all people present do n't talk about this to the staff this discussion was confidential and it was not necessary to leave rumors in the firm .
I suppose that you will take my proposal into consideration and that we will discuss about at our next meeting .
Then , we have discussed about the way we could improve our collaboration and could give them feedback on our second testing phase more quickly .
I am proposing to change our location to be ona strategic place , at the same time we could save money with a review of all our proyects to make changes that allow us to obtain results effectively ; i ' ' m sure that layoffs have more cons than pros to our employees because they could be afraid and that would be a big disadvantage for us `` cause the employee moral would be down ; in any case would be a mistake consider only a proposal so , i suggest to talk about it in our next meeting .
He also have a plan to discuss with worldwide service manager about this issues .
We came together in order to discuss about the material change in connecting tube project .
Do n't : Initiate discussions about complicated topics like religion , politics or even some sports .
Following on that proposal came under discussion with the director Regina took the word and discoursed about the need to purchase new equipment for the production line , so that the new demand can be met .
I '' m writting to summarize the items discussed in our last meeting : * Zam opened the meeting and asked about the ideas to fast product reposition .
I discussed with my manager about the time of work to make it less .
They will discuss about some teambuilding activities between the two companies to improve their communication skills .
We discussed about different items .
Unfortunally , we discussed about badget and they decided to reduce the number of employees .
At the moment there is a big discussion about a potential new law in Germany : The German Government is planning to establish a toll system for using the highways in our country .
We primarily discussed about the oceanshipping developing tendency of inland market .
I advise that we discuss about my proposal at the meeting of next Monday .
Did you discuss about this with your huaband ?
We discuss about it and we thought that the contract is unfair , it seems only the strong stock holder would be benifit when the company get profit .
I need to visit each of the factories one by one and discuss some problems about automobile and its spare parts with some technicians worked in it. % % After that , I 'll complete a report .
My short - term goal is improving my English listening and then I can learn anything about Discovery Teaching Method and skills in `` leading student - centered discussion `` and take open course on the internet .
Then we talked with the teachers about the level of our children , and we discussed the importance of cooperation between home and school to reach perfection .
It was discussed about budget of nest yeas , and all agreed that keep more focus on traning .
So , we 've invited our partner to discuss the viability of the whole project and they 've got furious about that .
The marketing chief wanted to enhance the burn fat topic , but the Sales Manager disagree about that , because this matter was discussed just in the previous number .
To cooperate with members keeping a better communication , we discussed with open discussion how to provide a solution about problems occured by other dept .
meeting with secretaries staff on friday at 5 p.m. in the office talk about : - the opportunity to do a better work at the office - clouds to be used - behaviour with colegues - divide the work between the colegues - plans for the future in the company - promotions - discuss what everybody think about the company - plans for the party in december - schedule holidays and birthdays - discuss how we can help the image of the company
The politicans are discussing the pros and cons of comprehensive schools and secundary modern schools , but if they think about our universities .
The last meeting , our team discuss about the sales : So , john ask : How can we increase our sale ?
Besides , they discussed about some plans for the next projects , and some plans to change the culture of the company .
Then they started to discuss about the merger of StarBrigde Enterprise with Solare LTDA .
The first thing to discuss about was the delay of appointment time of the patients .
We all discussed about that matter and we all agreed to work on that problem for next month .
They have to discus about their problems and solutions or maybe the employees do have the new ideas for change management .
Subject : summary of the board of directors meeting on September 23th To summarize , we have discussed about 3 items : Sales forecast .
I like fantastic books and love story . Sometimes I and my friends duscuss about new book .
sally said she wants to meet you to make a discussion about future opportunities .
Dear John , As we spoke , I am sending this email with the purpose to give you my feedback about your presentation .
There was also a discussion about the sales force .
It has took about 30 minutes until I could finish and we started discuss the more interesting points .
Since there were several topics on the agenda , the discussions about each item did n't extend too much .
The CEO agreed with the CFO and he asked that the items discussed in the meeting were confidential and he was going to talk to the board director about it
In the future meetings we will discust about other problems .
CSR for me is something new to discuss as I 've started thinking about this topic recently .
Well , the main goal of the meeting was a discussion about the merger between two companies , one of them is sunset company .
To : xxx @ mail.com ; xxx @ mail.com ; xxx @ mail.com From : xxx @ mal.com Subject : Summary of sales meeting Dear Team Here 's a summary of our sales meeting : * Thomas showed the diverse models of new PCs * Roland asked for connection of additional accessories * Peter showed the quote for new PC and accessories Action item : * Roland has to discuss with his team about the prices Thanks Joachim
In the meeting , we reviewed last month 's sales result and discussed about our next month 's sales strategy .
and we all thank her about that and she told us that this meeting is confidential and not to tell any one about what we discuss in this meeting even to you sir ... ; )
So , the team is working seven days a week and we need to discuss about this situations . When are you be free , can you attend us the 8 clock , tomorrow , can you ?
Finally , the management think of one solution is to have a discuss linner and talk about how to fix the problem .
I spoked about this with a financal planner , but after these discussion , I do n't feel good , because the financial planner do n't see my retirement so positive like I .
Next , we discussed about our market share facing strong competition and how we can improve our sales .
Summarizing the meeting , firstly we discussed about the resignation of our CEO .
so I 'll tell them your suggestions Other item of our agenda , we 've argued the possibility of a salary increase .
we talked about al the newest dentistry material , and discusse the advantages and disadvantages , and he told me he want to increase the cost from us bye 10 % .
The topic we mainly discussed was about the first deadline of the project : their master plan fixed it by the end of the third month after the kick - off meeting but I explained them that it was too early due to the limited requirements we have .
After three days enjoying the resort we are going to start working , first we are going through a project description in order to put everyone on the same page , the challenges we are facing must be well known , just after that we are going to set our goals , it is important that everybody gets committed to our plans , at that moment we intend to discuss about the necessary strategy , that will be a brainstorm and we would like to hear everyone opinion on how to manage each step of this big project .
I met with my team for to discuss about the relationship of the group at the work .
Would be great if we had a meeting to discuss about the ideas .
The boss did n't know what to do , and decided to organize a team meeting , for discuss about the problem every week .
Usually we spend our lunchtime to discuss about working problems or financial forecasts .
COO was pleased about all the discussion and support us to organise an other meeting .
At the end , we discussed about the project deadline and we had a deal with them to never miss the deadline and to inform us weekly about the progress of the program .
They made proposals for better working between them and discussed about certain persons in the company .
The meeting is intended to discuss about contract amendment .
We all agreed about the item of agenda and we are going to discuss the suggestions with our CEO .
I discuss about research and tecnology with my collegues and leave for restaurants and shopping with my friends .
They both agreed the total of the purchase and discussed about the payment process and the service plan , that was no charge .
In the Parliament , they are discussing about a low on `` street murder `` .
I just went from the meeting , where I discussed with Sem Willson , company IXW about concluding contracts .
To : xxx @ GH.com ; xxx @ KF.com ; xxx @ GH.com From : xxx @ KF.com Subject : Summary of technical meeting Dear collegues , I wrote some items that I think are important to remember about the France project that we have just discussed .
He killed the man because he has broke in his house and stole 25.000 ? before they had a big discussion about business .
Our next target is discuss more about the finance aspect .
I 'm optimistic about some future points like the enviromental discuss increase and the pooverty and hunger ends .
One thing the presenter did well was to talk about his experience and do an introduction about the topics to discuss .
I met the representative of that company and discussed about the possibility of cooperation yesterday .
- 3-discussing about the profile and skills required for this new job .
let 's do a metting wiht everebody for discuss about the ideas !
We have a dinner , talk about day and say stories , discuss a problems , trying to find a decisions .
I would like to schedule a meeting this week to discuss about it , and take the necessary steps .
There were about one hundred web specialists discussing about the newest web technologies .
In those days , I used to enjoy some foreign movies at movie theaters , look for some books about philosophy at my favorite book store , and often attend cafe to enjoy discussions .
It means that to find out new information about culture , we had to find out many kinds of media : such as printed paper , printed books , movie films and discussion places .
Afeter that I had a very long and difficult discussion about our product but it was posible to thrill the management , after I cleared the details .
wille be controversial discuss in the publick . And as the result nobody will won `` t work for a company , that ' 's not care about they employee and they safty on the place of work .
Now , these days , there is huge projects and discussion about drilling for oil in artic enviorment , and I do really love to follow the new technologies which is required to do this in a safe manner. % %
Dear sir , After greeting As you know I met with IT to discuss with them several things about Report Online Program .
We can discus prons and cons about my proposal at our next meeting .
I believe this sort of topics are discussed by peoples who love to talk about abstract thing .
So , now we are discussing about it with them and I think that we can change this situation .
Today , there is discussion about the new digital media , something like : Who is better , a digital book or a paper book ?
Despite of those devices are useful for our life , I feel pessimistic about the future , because the commucation will be only through those devices and not by talking with each other face to face and looking to the person 's eyes .
The new sales egineer must help the team and start to work making proposals and discuss about projects The new sales engineer will work with energy plataform wich can increase our numbers .
All of members of meeting started to discuss about problems with Sunset .
After discussing a little more abour this matter the manager decided to show them the other projects in progress so they could choose the one ' 's they wanted to be responsible for .
When I was a student I used to do my research work in the library looking through several books to discuss about an issue .
I 'm really worring about that and I would like discuss with you the other prons and conts this situation on the next meeting .
We had a brief discussion about the path forward and possible bottlenecks .
We discussed about all the problems they had with us during the last month and I explain the reason of the problems and give him solids guarantee that those problems was totally solved and that will not happend again .
At the beginning of the meeting the COO said the company should replace the financial director , but the CFO disagreed and they start to discuss about it .
The other point they discussed was about the communication problem , agreed of giving to the employees some fun time so they can know each other better .
For them the discussion with their colleagues about how to get the task done , is very important .
Third : about the fingerprint time attendance : - we all agreed it is a big problem , so , we will discuss it in the next meeting after we find a technical expert .
I don '' t know a law in Austria , what I want to discuss , but I like to write about the light bulb ban from the EU .
I 'd like the presence of all to discuss about the advantages and inadvantages for these three buildings .
They are also lacking resources so we need to think about investment I feel , at the very least , we should discuss the possibility of bonuses once this project is complete .
We have , of course , many TV series and shows coming from US ( or UK ) that propose crime analysis and long discussion about it , but usually violence is limited .
On the contrary there is also a discussion about the impact of the free movement of people .
Dear team , After our meeting , always write a summary about mean discussion points : - Charles suggested to import more products for our factory ; - Clayton asked how many dollars we need to import more products this month .
A lots of bad news- i thought that most of the things that we have discuss about would be down by now and nothing was down . I am so disappointed by all of this .
I had four or five good interviews at those companies but every time we discussions about salary was a big problem .
I suggest that we meet and talk with the staff about situation of the company and discuss other way we can save more money this year .
Maybe a lot of employees can not even discuss with employers about work - life balance .
On the other hand sometime I have to discuss about it with my wife .
I want to have a discussion about laws that establish some kind of taxes for enterpreners .
He always discusses with me about new technologies .
On the last meeting , we discuss about quality assessment of our department .
When discussing about the roles of men and women in family in our country , it is important to point out that men always the most important person in a family .
We discussed about my new work .
The people had a discussion about the merger with Sunset .
At the meeting the CEO discuss with us about the company issue .
I think that when we get this time we will need to hold a discussion about how much a robot can do for us .
We discussed about our new software that we bought from them last month .
The CEO started by saying we should arrange a meeting with the board of our partners , in order to discuss about changes and such subjects .
It was also very pity that we did nt have much time for discussing to the social impact of the 3D - printing .
This experience totally changed my life because I met people from all around the world and was able to discuss with them about different topics .
We have a meeting one time every week , there we discuss all together the problems about the work .
The meeting started with a discussion about the problems concerning the merger of the two companies .
Action item : * John said that we need to think of some new ideas and discuss next monday about them .
After a long discussion about the pros and cons of a merge , our CEO had the idea of schedule a new meeting at the beginning of the next week .
In the last four years , germany had a big discussion about gender questions in the free economy .
There were several lectures and discussion about poker .
After discussing a way to improve the activities in the office , their talk about the clients we have and what we will have to do to get a better treatment to then .
After a long discussion , the club members decided to ( about 90 percent ) , that the merger will be done so fast as possible .
good morning we are here today to discuss about your departure from the laboratory .
the biggest problem of the meeting was discussing about the merger .
I think we will take a meeting in the next days and discuss about how we can solve this problems .
At the end of the meeting , they gathered all the directors to discuss about the best way to announce to reduce any disturbing from the employees .
Moreover , the specialists had discussed about new methods of surgery .
We discutted about our next steps to be the biggest office of law in the South of Brazil .
After , we started to discuss about the professionals that working in the office .
CMO agreed but the CEO decided that he should delay any decision before seat with CFO and discuss about fee taxes .
I and Satoshi loved Japanese baseball , so we discussed about a lot of thing that we loved team .
You also have to show interest to your hosts and their guests by asking polite questions on what they are doing in life , think about some topics of discussion , use diplomacy if something hurt you or does n't correspond to your opinion .
We have to schedule a meeting as soon as possible to discuss about some topics before my next meeting with Sally which is next week .
We speak about a lot of things , but the biggest topic of discussion was problems about international regulamentation and the actuarial tables .
The name of the new CFO is Bob and he has a lot of experience with fanances . One more thing in the agenda we had to discuss was about the competition .
On the and of the meeting the CEO decided we should do another meeting to discuss about the new ideas and how should put it into practice .
I love to talk about many things with my son and we are used to discuss about polemic subjects .
Anyway , Sally wants to meet us again , and discusses about that our business and the relationship is growing , and we need to make plan for it .
In the today 's meeting were discussed basicly two topics : The first one was about the rumors regarding a possible merger with Rouge Soleil , our biggest competitor .
The main theme was the new airbrush technique , but there were many interesting discussions about the computer design possibilities .
Then , we can discuss about the technical possibilities and about financial possibilities for technical improve . ``
Unfortunately , the 3 hour long meeting was only about sales and our problem was not a point to discuss .
It wiil be important to have a large discussion withthe workers , about these propositions .
Then , he discussed about a plan of making a study group for CFA preparation .
The subject of this meeting is about discussing the merger with Manufacturers Hannover .
After that session we leave the class together discussing and speaking about a lot of things , she used to like police series , so did I .
They only discuss about politics , comercial agreement and question about social and enviroment .
Jed ' 's concerns about this follow things bellow : -his team feel : understaffed and overworked -they have a lack of resources -they feel underappreciated So , we have to discuss about some action plan for this and I propose we really think about some suggest than get better our team .
On my first day in new company , the president was talk with me to discuss and talk about my carreer and great opportunities on the future .
In the last novel there was a very serious discussion about showing in the novel a romance between two homosexual men .
Carlos started saying it was about time to discuss that because all the team is having problems with this relationship .
On today ' 's meeting we '' ve discussed about the delays we are facing on the collection of the cargo , especially our two major offices , Amsterdam and Houston .
I look foreword to see you and discuss all about our product .
I schedule for friday a meeting with the project manager to discuss about the organization of the job .
Finally CEO decided that we have to think in a solution and schedule another meeting to discuss the best .
It started with diferent discusions about environmental policies of the Organization .
Currently the programms are given enphasize only to show violence programs , sex movies and drugs or discussing about homossexual situations .
We 're behind of schedule and we discussed about this huge trouble with the staff .
Everyone agree this is an item we have to talk more about in the next team meetings , but it 's but the discussion about it is already a good starting point .
Talk with the people about they are talking , wait the topic end to start a new topic .
Last week I discussed with the boss about this thing and I suggested him few location that I know near my house but he told me he want to move near his house .
To : xxx @ live.com ; xxx @ live.com From : xxx @ live.com Subject : ' Anti - obesity ' project meeting summary Dear team , I 'm writing to summarize our meeting about the ' Anti - obesity ' project , and I will cite the main topics discussed : - Ana asked who will be targets this project .
In Germany politicians often discuss about a quota of women on boards of private companies .
And now about not so good news , she said me that they want to decrease total cost for some our products and also they would like to discuss with us possibility to reduce payment for the tranportation .
I think that in the future , will grow discution about what is right or wrong or what is moral/ ehhical or unmoral in tecnology development .
Regarding big - box stores , it is always controversial any discussion about the pros and cons to local communities .
We can see a lot of international conferences that have been discussing about the environment quality .
In my company , we are have meeting every first week when the new year start with the COO ; for dissection about the plan for new year .
I 'm not going to speak about a particular person I admire , instead I 'm going to discuss the topic in more general terms .
After the introduction part , we have discussed about the aggrement & the schedules , we agreed on everything excluding the deadline of the project .
Discussing missing person , that is simply gossip , is unacceptable. % % It is inadmissible to speak about relatives , in particular to discuss husbands .
During last 10 years , there have been a extensive discussion in the world about legalization of the consumption and production of marijuana .
When he came back for Christmas ' holiday , we discussed about differences and similiarities between studying in Swiss and studying in Italy .
The CEO did not agree with COO , but suggested to schedule another meeting to discuss about improving managers moral .
I would like to discuss about the future of the planet with people that are optmistic .
We talked a lot about the past year , reviewing and discussing the good and the bad decisions taken .
First of all I want to do a project in parts , for check after the part done , and analyse the results , probaly 3 or 4 parts are in a good project , in the first step , we do a reflection about what we can do for optimize the time , people are going think about what they do on your job , the second is a external analyse , the employess are analyse for our bosses and the do a report , the third part consist in a brainstorming with employees and bosses for discuss some news ways for work together more fast and work alone too , this is the most important part , for the project , because here we fixed the problem , what we can do together and what we do wrong alone , in the fourth part we apply the thinks are fixed in third step , plan , do , check and action are the fou names of the project .
More than 800 financial consulting managers came together to discuss about innovative products .
We should discuss about how to decrease our expenses by allowing home office .
I 've discussed with my boyfriend , he does not worry about it .
The first thing I do is to check my emails , after this , I check all things I need to do and I discuss with my coworkers about it .
At the beginning of the meeting , the President of the organizing commitee conducted the draw of the matches , then we all had a discussion about the duration of each mach , we agreed that each match must durate 90 minutes including 10 minutes to rest in the middle of the game .
Maren , that was all what the team has discussed and said about my project .
One of the meeting in this unit was about a group of staff meets for discussing the merging of two companies in which the CEO coordinates between them and offers solutions to solve thier problems .
They like to discuss , to fight and to argue about opinions and mainstreams .
We should discuss about the rumors that are brought up about hiring and firing people .
After some discussion about the next steps of deep water drilling in the off - shore Morocco , i was reporting about my information exchanges with Conoco Philips and their 3D seismic - cross sections .
In Germany , we have huge discussion about gender equality .
First of all , thanks everyone for coming , we need to discuss very important things about our company .
We discussed about the method of payment .
During last meeting about convergent decision , the CEO was discussing the need of the group that is pussing to have such decision , like the decreasing on the revenue and the increasing on the cost that related to the operations of each company .
Firstly , let discuss about the forecasts , and see how to use these datas .
So , we ask intel for having discussions about that .
Dear Team , We are here to treat the next sales goals of the company .
The discuss of the history is about people who are afraid to get involved .
The reason of this meeting it was to dicuss about the issues that Brazil Division is facing , since last year .
We can discuss the option and take a final devision about how to reduce expenses .
For the next point , there was a heavy discussion about all the changes , which have been coming up in the last weeks .
The main topic was to discuss about a new organisation in our sales - team .
In this meeting , we had discussed about new business proposal .
I was in a meeting with HR team discuss about my career .
This subject would take for ever to talk about but , I 'll generalize & summarize this discussion to make it easier to read .
Currently the politicians are discussing about a law for a rate for women in the management boards of companies .
All of us had an Agenda that we knew what we need to talk about .
Mr. Chang and I enjoy discussing any questions about management of hospital together .
Next week they will meet again to discuss about the budget plan .
Last week , I attended a meeting to discuss about the teaching volunteering that me and a few people are going to participate .
In the beginning of the meeting the Senior Manager explained that the mayor objective of the meeting was to discuss about the priorities of the area for 2014 .
Subject : Summary of the meeting about career plan to BPO area We discussed in this meeting about new strategies to improve the chances of career in this team .
Action items : 1 ) Rackel and Helen will be start discuss with their teams , about the career plan in the company , and what are the areas that them could be migrate .
Yesterday , I had a meeting with my colleague Mary and we discussed about our assignment .
Finally , the CEO decided schedule another meeting to continue discussing about their options .
We had three different proposals and discussed about them .
The purpose of the meeting was discussion about improve permanent contract for all staff .
I would like to propose a meeting , which contains discuss about effective and innovate ways to prevent and solve business problem .
we dissussed on our progress for the new projects .
The networking party was held in Shaowu hotel last sunday to discuss about primary students education .
They hold a meeting to discuss about the quality problem .
Vincent asked that how about those potential customers we discussed in last meeting .
The subject was to discuss the new standard about products safety .
Many very important people were present at the meeting , such as UL Chairman , Mr. Vincent , We were discussing about the safety situation according to many accidents before , and we had already reached an agreement of making safety operation standard .
We discussed about how to cooperate together .
Then , we talked the details about cooperation agreement , to discussed carefully one by one .
We discuss about the quotation which he sent us yesterday .
Finally the employees decided to make a meeting with the boss to discuss about this problem .
please fell free to discussion about Rawan at : xxx @ gmail .
In this event , they discussed about the necessary to speak English in Japanese company .
In Germany is the discussion about gender equality very important .
I was reading the newspaper when I saw an advertisement about the vacant job to work as analyst accounting . I went to the office and gave my resume to his . He liked and we discussed about the payment .
We discussed about the latest results of the annual department report .
Firstly , we have discussed about salary which we paid for our intermediaries and after that we have spoken about motivating system which could motivate our sales forces to work harder .
I like to get together with friends to speak about these things and to visit exhibitions .
We discussed about the fact that one of our customers didn `` t renewed contract with us and about the impression that we are losing market share .
Did you remember our common time at school discussing about future and what we want to do when we finished school ?
next step was about the occupancy of the property and that it will be a good idea to replace the Leasing Agent .
Gender equality is such an important item to consider about the fair treatments of women and needs further discussion to be accomplished because is related to the role of woman in society .
In the meeting , the CEO discuss about the economic situation of the company , the need a solution very quickly because they are in trouble .
There were a great discussion about some alternatives to implement the Itil methodology at different organizations and what 's the differences beetween the actual Itil model and the last one .
When discussing about technology , it could be pointed out that many of us believe that it change and give good effects on our lives .
I discuss with the production team in order to have more technical details about the new machines , then we can start the negociations with the second seller .
However , he also said that they need to discuss the pros and cons about a possible merger with their biggest competitor .
This a good price , I 'll buy the car , but before to sign the contract we need to discuss how about the plan service .
Last Monday , my company discussed about attending an award of Media .
Firstly we discussed about our merger .
Today , we had some dicussions about the report of self evaluation of annual performance in evening meeting .
At the moment right now there is a huge discussion about the salary of the managers from big companies .
It is very inspiring to work with him as he lets all team members participate in discussions about the companies goals which gives us the feeling that we are all part of the success and make contribution to it .
But since 2008 , with the outbreak of the financial crisis , the discussion about this EU construction started again and questions popped up whether bilateral trade agreements among the partners would not have guaranteed much more protection against situations like that we are actually in .
In the middle of the 80 's nearby every bigger city big shopping malls popped up and with them the discussion about the consequences began .
First of all , we 've discussed about everything happened las year , especially in december of 2013 .
it was very popular in Brazil , we had friends in common because we cheered for the same football team and everyone enjoyed to discuss about football .
In general , avoid discussions about topics like politics , religious believes as well as your or your hosts personal financial situation .
I will consider one hour or more in our agenda to start our discussion about these 4 suggestions above .
I will discuss today about something that impacts my job every day .
We also discussed about sales and it 's priorities .
Its nearly like the discussion about the CSR : to much investment in the considered area and the company will have to much expenses that ca nt be compensated by a companies green reputation and the opposite .
Dear team , I 'm writing to summarize our Friday 's meeting , where we discussed about data quality .
We disscussed GXC solutions and review the past year .
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss about the merger with another company .
First , we 've discussed about some comunication problems between our company and the new one .
Many ideas about remember of companys was discuteds in the event .
Everyone showed surprise and the others executives started to discuss about who was the right person to occupy the CFO function .
And a lot of Japanese people make claim and discuss about this problem .
Titile : GSC solutions Meeting memo : 2013 November 6 Tokyo / Japan Member : Jack , Jim , Selly Topics : Business sales Paticipants : Tom , Jim , Charry , Anne We discussed about new products presentation and sales campaign contents and also we need to decide how to involved to sales department to this campaign .
When i see my high school friend , we often discuss about our differents schools or universities which we have choose after the high school .
I 'm going to talk about the most discussed topic by the new Egyptian constitution which is Military Trials for Civilians .
November 21 , Dear Jim , Thanks for inviting me for a lunch , I really appreciated to discuss about my future plan with you , and you gave me many good suggestions .
We use to take breaks for a coffee 2 times per day , during this time we can talk about our personal life or discuss opinions between ourselves .
We discussed about the bad economic development in Italy and its impact on the management of italian chemist 's shops .
CFO suggest to fired him and look for another CFO may be in our biggest competitor , he also suggest to schedule another meeting to discuss more about it .
I proposed doing a morning coffee every Friday for to talk topics that I talk about their daily routines and listen to their views in discussions .
I would like to discuss another pros and cons about my proposal at next team meeting .
World leaders , mainly from developing countries , are discussing about laws that will protect air and water .
In my opinion , there are too many programs like `` talk - show `` where people discuss about unsolved murders , telling to the viewers only tittle - tattle about the killer or the victim .
Dear mum and dad , I have been doing well these days , so l know you 've been worried about my major , but l have discussed my dream with to continue my studying until graduate , so stop worrying about my .
At the begining of the meeting we discussed about how to implement the merger betwen our commpany and Sunsent and how to coordinate our work teams .
There were hundreds of engineers at Volkswagen and we discussed about the new models from VW .
We discussed about how to restrucure the company financial department .
Dear all , Considering what we were talking about the last two months , now we are on time to discuss about the definitely development of the new design of our new car ( Ford ) .
Then after a short discussion about the magnitude of this increase we all agreed that given our results 4 % would be appropriate .
waiters and chefs all ways discusing about everything and tips .
After approval we need to arrange meeting again to discuss about all term and condition of your company policy than when some claim happen you understand what kind the reasonable claim .
We started at 9:00 , the discussion about cut prices .
I suggest that we meet and discuss about my proposal at our next meeting .
By showing us picutres and gaving us some feedback about these events , she started a discussion about the events next year .
After that , were discussed the communication between the companies and other details about the merger .
Predictions about the future have always been a very interesting discussion .
On the next meeting , we will discuss about cutting costs aiming an increase on our cash flow .
At the beginning of the meeting , we have discussed about financial problems of our company .
a t the end of the meeting , the CEO proposed to have another meeting with the board to discuss about the merger two week , later and then they could be able to take the right decision all together .
To : Illusions Hair xxx @ yahoo.com From : xxx @ yahoo.com Subject : Hair Show Meeting Dear Class , Good morning everyone , There is a new meeting we discuss earlier today about new colors and new techniques for our beauty salon .
Dear Elizabeth , After several hours discussing about the possible ad campaigns with the team , we ve finally selected one for Century Watches .
Next point : Sally want we meet us as soon as possible to discuss about future .
Now we can get huge information about anything and discuss with everyone .
I think we should discuss the about what his concern , like : - To offer some incentives - To re - motivate his team - To offer overtime and bonuses - Recruit new people to the team .
So they decided to schedule another meeting to discuss about how they can make the developer team happy .
first of all , i would like to introduce my resident because if we discuss about the equality of our country , i think you must know what is my nationality and where i am originaly from .
Traditionally we do n't debate meeting of copule at the wedding , whereas , I would like to notify a concise information about my cousin .
He had some doubts about our meaning , but finally , after a honest and open discussion , we were all on the same page .
The directors shared how to creative new technology films , like Avatar and discussed about the future of China film .
Last month I travel to Cambodia by myself , when I was changing my passport at the airport , I noticed the man in front of me he is alone , and then on the plane he just on my right hand seat , we saw each other and laughter at that moment , we are going to the same place , we discussed about our planning and decided to have a trip together , he said that he just divorced and very unhappy so that was his first time travel alone , after we landed in , we met two girls from china too .
Let 's meet and discuss more details about my suggestion .
The CEO detailed the information about these two companies and discussed with us that which one we should chose .
I hope to discuss the details about the cooperation with you at the weekend meeting .
he was satisfied about the results and told me `` in order to support your results I advise you to conduct interview with some of you sample and after that discuss your results with the literature review `` .
A successful person I admire , have the next traits and habits : - Wake up early every morning - Seems happy all the time - Have a good ideas and make it real - Develop excellent realtionship with all of the people - Always have a good advice or nice words for everyone There are so much to discuss about this topic , but in general terms this is my opinion about succsses and successful people .
I will give you more information about our discussion after I came back .
By the way try not to discuss about this with anyone else because the meeting was strongly confidential .
He began by discussing the budget , then he talked about different solutions and finished by giving us spending projections .
The aim of it was to discuss about the budget for the new year .
The next point we discussed was about the shortage of sales in our northern branch .
Currently here is a hot discussion about to raise the company 's quota for number of women in leading position .
People want to be free to express and discuss their ideas , without being boring about rigid hierarchy or many complicated levels in the companies ' structure .
A number of 20 potential customers were invited to discuss about men acessories and clothes .
In my opinion , mostly brazilian programs aren '' t educative because they don '' t discuss or inform about useful things .
Here are some tips : First : Important to avoid discussion about politics , religion or futeboll , in Brazil all this topics are considered very serious .
I suggest that we need to do another meeting to discuss more about this .
After that he suggested to discuss next steps about the merger with competitor and agreed that there was no sence to make move quikly because we need some troubles with the marketing budgets for the next year .
First we discussed about accident on field , second agenda is we discussed about how to handle the accident , and the third agenda is how to prevent accident .
In the meeting with the teacher that we have yesterday , we discussed about the problem with the schedule for the next classes .
The following agenda items were discussed : - Company update - Better communication In the beginning of the meeting the CEO told us everything about the things that are going on in the company .
It 's the special church meeting for youth to discuss about `` Ideal Spouse `` .
The officer who was also surprised about the farmer 's change of mind proposed to discuss the matter elsewhere and come back when we had found a consent .
At the end , we discussed about the dress code at the upcoming annual party .
They are also lacking resources so we need to think about investment I feel , at the very least , we should discuss the possibility of bonuses once this project is complete .
I believe the countries of the worlds will meet themselves and dicuss about pollution laws .
I had one presentation any years ago , wich presentation I spoke about one health problem then I began telling the kind of disease it was and their medical importance issues as epidemiology , pathology and clinic were explained widely for me during the presentation ; I ask them to do question in any moment so we had a wide discution all over the points nevertheless there were the need of a moderator in conclution to finish we modify our protocols of action .
Last one , Sally wants to meet again to discuss about the future of the business .
Yesterday , we had a meeting with union to discuss about the salary adjustment .
I am going to discuss about this divisive issue .
The CEO anounced justly that the main item of the agenda was to discuss about ideas to gain market share .
We discussed a lot about our research project .
At the very beginning of the meeting , the CEO discussed about our new project with Sadara company and how all employee should give there best in this phase .
after that the CFO discussed about the pending payment and if there is any solution 's to solve this problem .
Finally , the CEO decided that they should they delay any descision and schedule another meentig for discusion all details about this new way that our company should be follow in the next days .
We have been work hard , however , we do n't feel much stress because we are very frequently discussing how we can achieve the goals .
I will contact you in a couple of weeks to discuss depply in dtails about the launch party we would like to Schedule .
There are no popular discussions about gender equality .
of the areas Tax and Legal Paco said that he had already met with officials of Tax and Legal and that after the meeting he will send an email about the conclusion .
com Dear Principal , Here 's a summary of our pedagogic meeting : * Eliane said that we need to discuss with other teachers if we going to choose the propose about new valuation .
The discuss about the new educational tecnology was so hot but interesting .
However the meeting could not so good due to the CEO had a different opinions about the proposal of this meeting and he proposed to move on this discussion with another subject about sales strategic planning .
First , Bill Rodman from Cherem Toys spoken about their experience , and after that we discussed about his case and we exchanged a lot of ideias .
The agent recommended us another meeting to discuss about local conditions and rules they students have to attend .
The engineer department decided make a meet to discuss about the problem with the production line .
We were discussing about about school fair , and also some financial problems , and something else .
Since the second half of the 20th century a long discussion about corporate social responsibility ( CSR ) has been taking place , specially because we have some companies that became so big that they ended up bigger than some countries in the world .
We have to be careful about where we handle money , and never discuss it in public or with someone you do nt know .
Elizabeth , I found the third image and its slogan more in line with our previous discussions about the product image .
All our business partner were there and we discussed a lot about the various electronic chip inventions .
I look forward to hearing from you soon to discuss about it .
We had discussing about how can we get new customers in our bank .
We discussed the pros and cons of buying new cars , about new models and features that are helpful and about a reasonable price for all that .
I am available anytime at # # # # # # # # # # for discuss about my application I hope having a good answer soon , Best regards
But , we can discurs about that at our meeting !
Our leaders have to discuss now about those problems if we do n't want to leave to our children a planet where it 's difficult to live .
They are also lacking resources so we need to think about investment I feel , at the very least , we should discuss the posibility of bonuses once this project is complete .
So we started to discuss about other options .
I believe you will call me and we will discuss about it .
Health insurance is also a big issue in Germany , but not the discussion about having an insurance because you must have an one in Germany .
In Germany there were big discussion about the law that smoking in restaurants and bars are forbidden .
Finally , the CEO decided that they should start searching for new employees as quick as possible , and he decided on schedule another meeting to discuss more about company update .
In today 's meeting , we discussed new services to be provided by the firm .
We enjoy meeting every monday and discuss about a new book .
Second , when people discuss or talk , it 's offensive to have negative points about religions or politics .
I think countries leaders should meet and discuss about international environmental laws and initiatives .
The CEO agreed that they should n't move too quickly , but she also decided they should schedule another meeting next week to discuss specifically about news hirings .
We talked about planning to form a small company where we would use our creativeness and starting selling our own home - made products through the internet . There are a lot of items we are going to discuss in the near future , but finally our dreams are taking form and we are pretty sure that we wo n't regret being together because we know each other very well and both have a lot of experience behind .
Also , Sally is looking forward to having a meeting again and discussing about further details of our cooperation soon .
It would be great , when each one of you would think about my idea and at the next meeting we can discuss it .
We were discussing about the change in the market offer due to our new 3D printing machine for food .
I think that world leaders have to meet and discuss more about the environmental problems and haver to search for serious solutions .
You can talk about this proposing and we meet next monday and discuss this .
But discussion has lasted more time than it was given and some people could n't have attended meeting , so we need to set a date in order to continue considering residual 3 points about company 's financial results next week .
The CEO closed the meeting proposing a new schedule to next friday to discuss a final decision about merging .
We discussed about our future relationships and Sally told me that they want to increase their purchases from us by 20 per cent .
There are many discussions about politics and lifestyle and you can watch many different thrillers daily .
We discussed about the problems that had brought the company in that bad situation and we came to the conclusion that the CFO had n't worked well in the last few months .
In today 's meeting , we discussed about the importance of reduce the waste of water , the CFO agreed and said that the budget for next semestrer will be less that 20 % so everybody suggested to watch the employees behavoir in the company .
Always remember to communicate with others in a very clear way and for that reason the way you will organize your meetings will be very important : the meetings are useful to set milestones for your projects and discuss with your co - workers about the best way to reach their goals , no room for vagueness and no - sense words .
Joan conclude the meeting and request confidentiality about was discussed .
I suggest we meet and discuss about my proposal at our next meeting , thanks !
Another thing he did well was to left many times for us to discuss with him about the merger .
I think we can discuss with him about more real eastate information next week .
I am available the whole week if you would like to discuss about this .
They discussed about the issue during the meeting and he agreed with the officer .
No decisions were taken this day , as they prefer to discuss the topic another time , leaving time to each participant to think about the consequence of the changes we proposed .
There are several issues have been discussed about the future .
Dear Joe , We discussed about installing CATIA software in office of Japan last meeting .
I 'd like to find my oldest friend again to share experience again and discuss about our lifes , our projects , our dreams , our problems .
In Germany , we have currently a discussion about our education system .
The first item on the agenda of this meting was to discuss about the merger with Sunset and the problem whit that .
And than we 've had a vivid discussion about dealing with our community .
Just think about it and we 'll discuss it next week .
Then , we 've discussed for several minutes about actual news and in few minutes we 've solved all problems ( only speaking , of course ) .
The CEO wanted to talk to her employees to discuss about the futur of working with sunset .
She believe that the company need to make a research about the new habits of the consumers for start a new discussion about it .
The first part of the presentation was about the general aspects of ankle sprains , second the metodology of work , then the results of the investigation , and finally the discussion , conclusion and projections of the study .
We had a good discussion about the potential merge .
If we discuss about the new rules for polution , our point of view will be pessimistic .
Finally Julia says that the discussion is confidential so they should n't talk about the meeting .
So , i had a meeting for looking forward other schedule for the discurses about health .
There was a discussion about this because the directors wanted to install it this year .
Action item : We need to continue the discussion about `` How to attract more customers on a upcoming event . ``
At the beginning of the meeting the CEO discussed about the possibility to create a merger with the current competitor SunSet in order to avoid the financial trouble of the Company . The CFO affirmed that he would have liked to wait until the launch of the new product PincoPallino because he believes that the sales derived from the launch of the new product would uplift the Company from the current situation .
Finally , we should have a meeting tomorrow to discuss some projects about the discount campaign of our Chinese New Year which will bring a great deal of revenues to us .
We suggested that the Ceo come to our next week meeting to discuss about the financial part .
He 's my college mate who we majored the same in philosophy and always discussed a lot about life or any other issues .
The meeting was started with discussion about the financial problems .
First of all , I suggest that we have to discuss about our KPIs ( Key Performance Indicators ) , some of them are really critical , for example : Production Volumes , Production Yield and Customer Complaints .
First , I have to say that I am from Spain so we are going to discuss about the differences between Spain and US .
First of all , we have to discuss about what age of women we are talking about .
I intend to call my Mom and Dad to discuss about it , but it would be easier if they did n't try to change my mind .
Finnally we discuss in more details the Project situation , and he will keep me informed every day with the real effort .
We can discuss calmly about all subjects and do n't be agree without becoming angry .
GM agreed about it and scheduled another meeting on next friday for discussing detail .
Many shows basics on conflicts and discussions about sex , but it no most important problem Russian TV .
We had met in our department in last week , we discussed problem with new study plans for students on second course .
But we have to discuss about the pros and cons of this staff .
They are also lacking resources so we need to think about investment I feel , at the very least , we should discuss the possibility of bonuses once this project is completet . However , for the long term , I think we should address these issues before the situation deteriorates further .
At the beginning our negotiation , we discussed about problem with company Sunset .
We discuss about lots of interesting subjects , and share our opinions .
We discussed and considered wekness and strenght points about the new system .
We are here to discuss about the financials problems in the company , because that we need move quickly with the merge . I apreciate if eachone propose a plan to do it expending less time possible .
If you do n't appreciate a hard discussion , its n't a good idea to talk about politics , religion or soccer .
the object of our meeting is discussing about new system of quality .
I 'm writing this massage to call you for a special meeting , I had meeting with Jed Li we discussed about some problems in his team and I would like to talk to you about this .
I have attached my resume and I am available anytime for discussing the details about my profile .
So Mr. Hernandez wants to meet us again soon in order to discussing about our future business .
We need to discuss about ways to stop internet bullying , and find the ones who are responsible for the evil .
These achievements helps to bring helpful discussions about gender equality and I hope it will be solve soon .
My husband , Michael , discussed about our financial plan last night .
Everyone discussed about the problem with our new line of produts , and how our clients are accepting them .
We discuss about the new secretary , everyone agreed that she needed to make more effort on her functions .
All of our staffs are concerned about our company 's profit this year , everybody wish to get more bonus , so when they attend the company 's meeting which held for promoting the company 's sales , after discuss all the opinions , we get the result .
It was a helpful meeting about discussing our next years marketing budget .
After big discussion about this relationship problem , Elise killed Marcos with a gun and cut Marcos ' 's body into pieces and put in bags to discart .
Hi Gerald , I have som goog news about mit discussion with roland .
When they meet they may discuss about price or convenience of the house ; if they agree they go to the Justice House ( this is a place where one goes to make his documents formal ) and they sign some papers there .
In the last meeting , There were many discussion about to end the procedure to finish the accord between our company and the government for produce our serves .
opinion of COO That we should to move quickly to finish this deal to increase our income this year , but CEO disagree , his opinion that we wait until to make studies about our works before we decide to finish procedure of this deal , CFO suggest that we can walk in tow ways in the same time , in the end of the meeting we all accept to countiny in discussion abut this subject .
? I think there a lot of points we can discuss about , why emancipation did n't arrive yet in all heads of the german population .
We also discuss about the task she has to do to get results .
The second item was a statement from the CFO about the financial considerations of the merger the last item was a discussion about problems occured during common tasks for the both companies .
He closed the meeting by reminding us about that discussion was strictly confidential .
Action item : Frank said that everyone need to think of three ideas about the 25th year party , and we will discuss them next weekly meeting .
This meeting discusses about the opportunities in the merge of this two companies .
For example , everyone knows the most recent murder or what happens in the reality shows , but very few people watch serious things , like a discussion about the recent changes in the constitution .
You can reach my at + # # # # # # # # # # # every day to organise a interview to discuss about the job description .
I 'm going to make a list of the best locations and then we can discuss the pros and cons of each place and do n't worry about the equipment because I hired an optimal moving company .
Sally wanted to discussing about future freely .
Secondly , he proposed that team - building should be constructed and a discussion about how to establish team - building was opened .
Since I am not an expert in that topic I had to do a little research on the internet , And I would like to write about the crime to violate the protection of privacy data which has been discussed quite intensively since Eduard Snowden revealed the methods of the U.S. intelligence services on how to collect and interpret huge amounts of personal data all around the world .
Besides , the Helena discussed about the documentation refers the project that will be need at partner site before to start .
He was duscissing with Brahim about our stadies .
After many times that suteans were burned the society still discuss about the differences women and men .
Would you want to meeting with me this weekend and discuss the pros and cons about that situation and to make decision final ? ? ?
They was discus about tennis raket .
I said that we need to think about ways for increasing sales and discuss that ideas ( in / on ? )
There is a lot of discussions and researchs about it .
In the beginning of the meeting the CFO dicussed about the critical financial situations of the company and asked for suggestions how to shorten the current budget .
They all agreed that the next week , each manager will have another individual meeting with the CFO to discuss more about the budget of their departments .
Dear Mr. Smith , I was surprised about items of an agenda which were disscused on our meeting 2 hours ago .
May I ask you about a tomorrow 's private meeting for discussing the Jonh 's future ?
We often discuss the current situation with our clients and thinking about how to increase customer thread .
The second item on the agenda was to discuss about the problems with sunset computers .
After their agreement for the purchase they discussed about the service plan .
You can find discussions about big - box - stores nearly everywhere ... in nearly every city ( except the discussion is already over and the big - box - store has been built ) and in many segments of the market : furniture stores , grocery stores , shopping malls for clothes ..
At the beginning of the meeting , the CEO was discussing about their relationship with sunset company , the first item of the agenda said that the sunset 's CEO has resigned , the second item is that there is a meeting in sunset company next monday , and the last item is discussing the problems with the sunset company .
First our group met their CEO Sally Cassidy , we discussed for long time about our developing software and achieved an agreement about the schedule : they must wrap up the project within 1 month 's time , these are our conditions .
In meeting , we discussed the projects of fourth years , In order to reach to more progress .
Hi Sarah , At the very begininning of the meeting we discussed aboud the CFO replacement .
He always discuss with me about the a work because trusts me .
When they discussed about breast cancer study , I was actively participated and spoke my mind .
We haved disscused about the reviewed last year and she decided that the company whants to increase their purchases from us by 20 % .
I attended a project meeting about discussing the way to sell a new beverage product , which is targeted women who care their beauty .
As you know , our business partner , ABC co. , had the event at Tokyo Hotel on 26th February to discuss and share the ideas about how to success pharmaceutical development in Rest of World . There were not only pharmaceutical companies but authorities .
In this meeting , we discussed about the financial trouble of the company .
Later , the CEO said this meetings discussion was confidential everyone didnt talk to anyone .
In today 's agenda that is the topic we will discusse , but first , i should say some more about this .
The CEO scheduled a new meeting for discuss about the next steps of the software acquisition .
At the end , we discussed about suggestions given during the last quarter and some improvements are expected to be done to ease our communication .
At the first meeting the manager , Sarah , discuss about problem of the merger .
Dear Fabio and Peter , I am writing to summarize what we discussed about the projects .
I suggest that we meet and discuss about how we can efficiently centralized IT group without slow down works .
Dear friend , I would like to discuss a theme about rumors in our life .
We discussed a lot about it and finally he decided to grant me a 10 % increase of my salary and new area to be followed by me .
Yesterday I had a meeting with supervisors , managers and the director to discuss about the last week results .
At the end of the meeting we were discussing about the next steps and the deadlines of each phase of the project .
Dr. Nesti , said me that they discussed and shared their ideas about the role of diet , lifestyle , and genes in development and spread of diabetes .
It was about discussion the now production line for our plant .
The event brings together peoples to discuss about business and networking .
In the meeting today , we discused about how many people the company will be hiring , to cover building A , floors one through ten and building B , floors one through sixteen as well as building C , floors one through thirteen .
There was about over 100 people from various company . We had many good discussion with some famous panelists .
Hi Jason , I just finished a conference call with customer to discuss about our report format and logic .
After our internal discussion , our consultants had confidence about achieving the target we proposed , and the total revenue will even be higher than the fix - price deal we proposed if we hit the target .
Consequently , I propose choosing this building and I suggest that we discuss about my proposal at our next meeting .
Many discussions about this double - edged sword are part of all our lives nowadays .
During these years I discussed a lot of time with my boss because I did n't agree with him about the work menagagement I hope to find the better way to work fine asap .
As a beginner to understand and make film review , discussion after his presentation was very productive for me . Several aspects of the film were discussed , which included since production costs , the choice of actors , movie site , lighting , photography , etc ... At the end of the debate , I had the feeling of having read a whole book about the film and understood the criticism .
Many companies introduced their new products , or discussed about new technical process .
Last meeting it was discussed about tree basic points : 1 .
Feel free to discuss with about this matter .
So , All the meeting was discussed about the high costs that the company is passing .
We spent most of the time discussing the future work .
Fisrt of all , we discussed about the new project that will be started next week .
We are here today to discuss about our financial situation .
He invited us to a drink and we had great discussions about the world .
The COO planed to meet separately to discuss about each employee of the company and said that resignations could happen .
Last Friday we had , the board of directors , weekly meeting and we discussed about several issues : 1 .
They are also lacking resources so we need to think about investment I feel , at the very least , we should discuss the possibility of bonuses once this project is complete .
We discussed about replacing the sales manager assistant .
But we must more discuss about the usage from less energy in summery e.g .
Hello Paul we had discussed last month about your derams for the future .
Today was a confidential discussion about a merger of our company with Sunset Computeres .
It is quite common in France to talk about trivial things before to really discuss about business .
Given that , I am still a student I will discuss about office politics in school .
But then , when I remember of the discussions about global warming , bad use of resources , and other problems of this type , I just get worried .
One thing we discussed was about to set up a college fund for our children .
We discussed about making new clients in the coming months .
The discussion was very technical , we just talk about improvements on the single line diagrams , specifications and technical datas . We did n't have too much time to discuss prices and payments conditions but I think that it will not be a problem because now we are able to make a good technical offer , which means an offer without any technical risks and extra costs .
We have two topics to discuss about next month : First , we going to talk about the budget ; and second , the person who will be in charge of the strategic planning .
We had discuss about the problems we have with the comunications betwin the times .
There are lot of discussions about a female quota which is in my opinion not the best way to solve these sill existing gender disparity .
The accounting manager will check the question abou tax and will schedule another meeting to discuss it .
You can listen to him describing a situation he had at home to explain in the middle of a meeting the main problem , and suggest a solution than other people can complement or discuss to come down to an action that we are all agree with. % % And one of the most interesting things about that is the way his personallity has given us good power as a team , and good lessons that we start applying sometimes without thinking very much on them .
2 - We discussed about many important marketing topics .
However , we can not really talk about renewable energy unless we also discuss ways to reduce energy consumption .
The latest statistics on primary school education were published yesterday , and the Minister of Education has promised to hold a public discussion next week about the findings .
The CEO accepted his suggestion and asked everyone to send him by email other ways to cut cost , but he still wanted the list of people who could be resigned or transfered . Finally the CEO asked for questions , as there were none , he finished the meeting asking for total confidenciality about the issues discussed there .
Finally , the CEO ended the meeting by scheduling another meeting about the merge 's options to discuss it later .
keeping theese in mind and knowing your interest to increase your market share in Asia , we can get some mutual benefits whit an alliance to give ice cream in our flies from Asia to Europe. % % I want to get a meeting with your brand to discuss some more details about this .
I ' m bored about how reality stars take a shower in the jungle or discuss unimportant things .
Therefore , Sally wants to meet us as soon as possible to discuss about that other software .
The team want a meeting to discuss about this problem .
The Student is discuss more about job and roles .
First of all , the meeting was going to discuss about the reference of emergency case from one of the cardiovascular patient in ABC Hospital .
I barely knew about Corporate Social Responsibility a few months ago , when my friends discussed about it and I accidentally heard .
As the next step , I will schedule another meeting with the manager discussing about revised job requirements and selling points of the job opening .
We are in a group of the members that discuss about Cinema and he added me .
Josh bring to the listener a discussion about the modern problems .
Finally , we discusted about the deadlines for the week .
She invites me to discuss about the future plans .
At the final , she told me that as soon as possible she will make a new meeting to discussing in details about the plans .
She called yesterday and invited me to discuss about the future plans .
We discussed about many themes , she is adorable and very smart !
At the end , she told me that as soon as possible she will have a new meeting to discuss details about the plans .
I suggest that we meet to discuss about my proposal and perhaps , we can reach an agreement also with a new ideas .
It was stated that any information about resignations would not be discussed until the end of the merger process .
Than more 30 ceo of the motors company were there discuting and sharing about news cars .
So I suggest have a meeting with manager for discust about the new office .
We reviewed the past year and we discussed about increasing their purchases from us by 20 % .
We discussed about the pro and cons .
We discussed about the economic in Japan in the future .
It 's safer avoid discussions about religion or politics , unless you host asks you about this topics .
Hello Bill , I 've gathered my team last week to discuss about the new ad strategy and i think we 've got something that will work .
We discuss a lot about gender stereotyping , but there is no equality .
At the meeting , we have discussed about increasing the production by running the machine all day long instead of running it only for six hours a day .
Dear friend , last week we discussed about my future .
We were discussing about a possible merger with a complementary company .
I write this because in the last weeks a discussion is coming up about speed limit on german highways and although Germany is an advanced country with all its laws for social saftey and high technology there is no way that a speed limit could be real in the next years .
I met with two differents vendors for discussion about buying new computers .
I decided to wait for two days and discuss about it with my partners .
We will discuss about it two weeks later and everyone can put new ideas .
After few discussions about the schedule , the sale director aplaused the teams to thanks them for their input . last year .
Well in my opinion It is really interesting because there are always many discussions about it .
I intend to discuss with the manager about overtime working in rest time .
At first , I propose the meeting to discuss about de financial .
The purpose of the meeting was to discuss about the purchase conditions of the equipment provided by the supplier .
Mainly we discussed about the payment conditions they provided .
not all of chairs of deperments agreed with our manger in his vision and we had a big descuession about deffernt vision .
Last year , in my country , there was public discussions about smoking on the public area . Until then , the law did n't prohibit smoking on restaurants , bars and etc .
She also discussed about keeping Sunset ' 's CEO in the meantime and hire a COO for their operations , as well .
Summarize Meeting for Absentee From : Nadya To : xxx @ genuinegreen.com Date - 30.01.2014 Subject - Meeting Results As you were not present at the last meeting we had on the twenty ninth of January about financial problem , I just wanted to update you with the discussions & conclusions of this meeting .
We discussed about the construction project , especially on the preparation of `` Gaia Hotel `` project .
However , we can discuss about it describing some indicators that might tell us how the future could be .
Once complete this , it is important to have a meeting to discuss about the aspects , like a brainstorming , in order to figure out ways to achieve a successful business .
Other subject discussed was a time of answering to commercial department , Renatos have to think about it and increase this velocity to overcome the satisfactions of the custumers .
I had never thought to much about green business until one day , when my son presented me some ideasm that were discussed in his school .
First , the team leader asked the members to discuss about the problem they thought important for a merger which their company was going to conduct .
We need to discuss about 2 item of agenda : increase our sales and needs for new hires .
In the next step i admire that you gave everybody an handout with compelling pie- , bar- and flowcharts about the topic you wanted to discuss .
In the news or talk shows were many discussions about female quotas at top level management positions .
I guess you remember that we have already discussed about this subject last April .
Although we both left the place we worked , we contacted by phone or on Facebook to discuss the related job and cared about each other sometimes .
We discuss about the tendencies , and the ideas are great .
I suggest that we meet with the CEO tomorrow discuss about my proposal .
Every year the world leaders are discussing about how to preserve the enviroment and creating new laws to keep the goals realistic however challenger .
The Concierge suggested to discuss immediately about some negative guest feedbacks , but the HM disagreed and conclude the meeting with his decision , that we need to have all the important information ' s from each department for a succesful solution .
Good morning Mr. Souza , I am writting to inform you some points discussed yesterday , in a meeting with our mostly suppliers .
The second point discussed was about our contract clauses .
I think talking about leaderships qualities can take hours of discussion , even thought , I '' m going to develop the most important characteristics .
I have been in a meeting in my office and we discussed about new contracts and how they affect us .
At this meeting we discuss about the strategy and the next targets .
The CEO organized a meeting with the CFO and the CTO to discuss the news about the new merger .
I started to work on the new process with Laura yesterday and we already discussed about the necessary changes to reach our objective in decrease the time to check invoices .
To the Board of Directors , RE : urgency of arranging a board meeting : Friday 31 January As I have talked about my meeting with Jed , I would like to arrange a board meeting regarding the issues we discussed .
Also , we need to discuss about : 1 .
She also discussed about the frising hire and maybe to fire some employees .
I was hopping you could come to my office during the week so that we could discuss about it and maybe you could quickly read my report to make sure I made an excellent work .
At the beginning of the meeting we discussed about the main issue : two CEO .
I stayed on Argentina about ten days , I visited Buenos Aires `` The Paris in South America `` , I met Obelisco , Boca Jr Stadium and the famous Pink House , where Evita Pern was the last discussion .
I watched different Tv programs about the technology and I discussed a lot with my friends about it .
We discussed about the merge between us and Sunset , and there was a lot of differents opinions .
The meeting was about discussing the possible merger with sunset technologies .
We could discuss about all the issues from the agenda .
At last week meeting , we have discussed about setting of project 's goal and socpe .
I 'm very optimistic about this because we do not have to discuss who do the work .
I am writting this e - mail to sumarize a meeting between Alex and Paulo , where we discuss about two basic issues : 1 ) - Services to my company ; 2 ) - Data of contract start ; First of all , Paulo talks about the detais of services we need .
There were many , many people for discuss about how to improve the assistence in nursing .
The board discussed the successor and in the end they asked me to do the job .
we discussed socializing with the other team .
The CEO agreed and suggested a meeting with Sunset to discuss what can be done about it .
Yestarday I met with the purchase team to discuss about saving in our import expenses .
Certainly we need descuse more about this and ca n't stop of be self - critic .
Well , Today We are going to discuss about our market share .
The countries leaders need to discuss about it and not about the next elections , as they always do .
with the propose to discuss the agenda about the new merger .
I doubt that was more a morale discussion about how we could be one step further in relation to our competitors .
Another part of the meeting was the discussion about the merger of our company with our competitor .
Then we discussed about problems regarding the patient 's mother .
The company team discussed topic about emergtion their company with another company .
I have attended a meeting to discuss about a global event in Colombia .
Mrs. Sally said that She would like to meet us again soon , because She is interested to debate about the future .
I went down stairs to meet Sam Harris from Sales Assisant , we had a discussion about the laptops and other things .
In the meeting yesterday we discussed about hiring a new employee .
She reported the news about Sunset Computers and suggested to discuss all problems with Sunset .
We need to figure out a solution and one possibility will be have a meeting between all the team and discuss about all problems and then inform to our president in order to him take some providences .
After that , we discuss about possible moving our headquarter to other place in the city .
I '' m concerned about material quality ; I suggest that we can discuss the expenses about the bad quality with the plastic supplier in his next visit .
Otherwise , we discussed about the exportation and how circumvent the law .
We discuss about what benefits this could bring to our company , and what problems we could have doing this merger .
We discussed about the reasons for the delay and find several solutions to solve the existing problems .
It plays a big role for me that there are a lot of different people to who I can talk about different things : college , private life and also personal beliefs which I need to discuss with them. % % It ' 's also important to support each other in different situations .
It will make easier to set a meeting in different area , you can feel like they were here to discuss some topics about our business development .
Communication checkpoint Today , in our meeting with Milton , we discussed about changing the ch allenge 's question of the next ideation phase .
After getting his agenda we started discussing about taking on new staffs to the sales department .
Finally , at the end of the meeting had been discussed the situation about future dismissal of COO , but this information should be confidentional .
He finished scheduling other meeting for discussing about our brainstorming .
Hi Sara , the meeting was quick , the COO decided we should fly to London next week to rush the merger with sunset , but the CFO disagreed with that , finally we all came up with the idea of waiting two more weeks until everything 's done with the rumors in sunset to discuss freely about the merger , without any problems .
Then we discussed about the possibility of new policy for the company to avoid salaries from health problem .
The CEO will come in France next month and he would like to have a meeting with to discuss about our future colaboration .
I feel pretty strongly that there 's a lot of sex and non - educational programs , with people discussing silly subjects about nothing and the newspapers with a strong violent news .
This think is important if we dicuss about technology but also if we discuss about work places atmosphere .
+ Adam asked about last meeting if they did all things that discuss before .
At the meeting , manager discussed about agenda to be done .
We started the meeting discussing about the new steps for the project .
First discussed item was about what supplier is the best option to reach the expected quality and price for the metal parts .
After that They discussed a lot about the merger between the companies and what 's next for .
Every Sunday , we have lunch together and discuss about our trip to Asia .
People will use the teleconferencing technology to talk and discuss about this topic .
From my point of view , the discussion about traditional values and women willing to succeed in a professional career , gender equality or parity is common everywhere .
To the board of Directors With reference to the meeting with Jed , I would like to call for a special meeting with the board about the issues we discussed .
We always laugh about this history , because we almost did n't become friends , because of our friendship , the others guys became friends too , the old discussion stay in the past and we still play volleyball .
Dear all , In this last meeting , we had discuss about the merger of two companies .
We disucassed about our depertment target and function .
The meeting agenda had two points : the first is to decide about collaboration and the second is to discuss next 4 months plans .
I propose a meeting with the staff next week , so I make a list about new ideas and we will discuss about this .
Moreover she left time for questions then we could join more and discuss more about the topics .
* Was discussed about our new pricing policy and payment terms ; customers which must have special conditions .
Finnaly , we decided for a new meeting to discuss details about the tasks and the priorities .
In his introduction , he presented all topics to be discussed and he showed a very interesting timeline about important history facts for understand his work .
- Avaiable tablets for sellers , with the intent to increase the sales .
Everybody knew the agenda , e discuss about the comunication problems .
I like to talk or discuss about something through the internet now .
We had fruitful discussions , I left them some brochures about our experience and skills in improving operation of transport fleets and logistic platforms .
We discussion about the new plans for next year .
Some managers and all directors have a private office to conduct meetings and discuss about important things .
At the end of discussion we decided to get together next week to talk about the next steps .
After this it came to a discussion about the school building .
CEO and the group of Directors discussed about our advertising strategies .
After a discussion about the topic , all the managers agreed that they should delegate some tasks to their team in order to everything could be done , schedule more meetings and also prioritize this project .
In Germany politicians discussed this issue and decided meanwhile that as from 2016 30 percent of supervisory committee members shall be women ( currently the rate of women is about 15 percent ) .
at the meeting we discussed about the result of the company because was not the result that the manager hopped for the sector .
Last Thursday , the Human Resources area proposed a meeting with all employees of the company to discuss about a new media we developed called ' Watch ESPN ' .
The proposal of the meeting was to discuss about my own development as a Institutional Relationship Coordinator .
It 's strange to talk about my dreams and hopes by e-mail , because i 'm used at ours infinite ' discussion-nights ' yet .
At the end , we have discussed about the budget for next year .
As our agenda scheduled we were discussing about new employees in our school .
First I could meet you on Saturday at 9 p.m. and discuss about the life , future , routine .
Then the proposed measures and transfers in the company about the merger were discussed .
During the discussion between we and the client , we talked about structures and profit .
We also have a discussion about our service level and we decided to have a another meeting after client decide about his suppliers strategy .
In the future people will discuss about the environment , the water and the security too .
The main item of the agenda was the comunicacion problems inside the company , but the CEO also discussed about the bugdet for the next year .
The meeting started as the CEO begun to discuss about upcoming touch issues .
During this meeting we have discussed about the merger and what improvement needed to be made .
James will have to travel back and forth next week in order to discuss with the board about those improvements .
Maybe , some talk shows with people who discuss about gossips have inappropriate language for the children and they talk about situations that the kids should n't know yet .
A meeting with the people of the department of computing was held to discuss about to seek a low - cost equipment , with the necessary functions to do the work .
Two hours later to discuss this matter , we reached an agreement about the kind of computer equipment .
If you need to discuss about your phobia or my experiences in dealing with it , just call me .
After discussing this point cfo agreed about the opportunity to improve their equipment .
I think that leaders need to discuss about pollution laws , for example , if we buy an electric car , it will help the enviroment or air quality can improve if the city changes to natural gas .
The meeting was successful and we discussed about the purchases and investments in the past six months .
I have discussed about this with my financial planner and he told me that it will work just fine .
for any reason , they do n't decide everything in just one meeting and the manager provide other meeting to discuss about this topic again in the next agenda .
Dear Carl , last year we discussed about our future and our next job .
They will discuss about work using teleconferencing technology and Internet .
Dear Boss With regard to the negotiations with our supplier of stainless steel required for built our refrigerators , we were discussing about the increase of the price in 10 % but I did not accepted , specially because I have an offer from another supplier from China and instead of increase the price they are going to reduce 18 % of the our actual price .
I attend a meeting that we discussed about customers complains .
Dear Team , I 'm writing about the mainly items we had discussed in the last meeting on the week .
People wo n't need to travel so much for business , they will use teleconferences to meet and to discuss about new deals , contracts .
The CEO agreed with the CFO about not accept so quickly the government 's offer but he proposed also to schedule another meeting for the next week or , at maximum , before the end of the month to discuss again the offer and take a decision , I think that the CEO was right because accept the offer too quickly was not a good idea , but also wait too long could be a mistake .
In the last meeting i disagreed with him about one financial product and we have discussed a lot .
The CEO knew that a brainstorm is one of the way to discuss the matter and check other 's opinion about the subject .
After the discussion the whole board agreed that they have to think about the matter and come back to it on the other meeting .
For example , most channels spend their time on tv just talking about crimes and discussing how cruel and cold the criminals are .
Last year I attended a meteting to discuss some subjects about the universitary course I study .
